abortion/post_0:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_0:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_0:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_1:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_1:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_1:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_10:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_10:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_10:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_100:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_100:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_100:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_1000:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_1000:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_1000:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1001:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_1001:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_1001:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1002:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_1002:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_1002:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1003:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_1003:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_1003:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1004:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_1004:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_1004:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1005:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_1005:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_1005:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1006:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_1006:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_1006:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1007:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_1007:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_1007:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1008:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_1008:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_1008:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1009:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_1009:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_1009:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_101:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_101:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_101:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_1010:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_1010:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_1010:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1011:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_1011:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_1011:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1012:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_1012:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_1012:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1013:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_1013:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_1013:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1014:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_1014:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_1014:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1015:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_1015:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_1015:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1016:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_1016:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_1016:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1017:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_1017:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_1017:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1018:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_1018:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_1018:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1019:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_1019:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_1019:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_102:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_102:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_102:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_1020:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_1020:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_1020:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1021:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_1021:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_1021:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1022:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_1022:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_1022:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1023:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_1023:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_1023:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1024:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_1024:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_1024:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1025:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_1025:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_1025:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1026:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_1026:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_1026:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1027:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_1027:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_1027:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1028:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_1028:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_1028:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1029:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_1029:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_1029:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_103:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_103:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_103:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_1030:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_1030:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_1030:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1031:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_1031:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_1031:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1032:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_1032:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_1032:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1033:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_1033:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_1033:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1034:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_1034:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_1034:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1035:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_1035:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_1035:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1036:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_1036:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_1036:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1037:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_1037:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_1037:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1038:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_1038:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_1038:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1039:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_1039:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_1039:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_104:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_104:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_104:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_1040:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_1040:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_1040:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1041:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_1041:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_1041:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1042:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_1042:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_1042:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1043:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_1043:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_1043:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1044:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_1044:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_1044:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1045:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_1045:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_1045:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1046:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_1046:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_1046:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1047:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_1047:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_1047:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1047:#1 Our mutual anonymity precludes the possibility of personal injury by defamation. No person’s identity has been defamed and hence you have no case! #2 I find it quite humorous that you must associate yourself with some legal professional as though that would somehow imply your competence concerning legal concepts. Please, by all means, go on making an ass of yourself. It's funny and it totally discredits your position so in effect I win twice . . .You may think that you have won something, but at what cost? Lastly, if I make (as you claim) an ass of myself it certainly was not for myself; for I am a man of substance and not image, and the substance I represent justifies every mother-to-be who has chosen to keep her baby. You, on the other hand, are nothing but image, and hence your image is the result of winning or losing a debate about terminating the lives of unborn fetuses. Great Image no doubt!
abortion/post_1048:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_1048:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_1048:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1049:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_1049:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_1049:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_105:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_105:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_105:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_1050:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_1050:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_1050:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1051:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_1051:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_1051:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1052:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_1052:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_1052:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1053:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_1053:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_1053:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1054:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_1054:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_1054:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1055:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_1055:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_1055:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1056:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_1056:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_1056:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1057:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_1057:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_1057:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1058:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_1058:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_1058:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1059:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_1059:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_1059:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_106:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_106:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_106:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_1060:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_1060:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_1060:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1061:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_1061:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_1061:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1062:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_1062:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_1062:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1063:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_1063:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_1063:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1064:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_1064:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_1064:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1065:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_1065:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_1065:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1066:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_1066:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_1066:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1067:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_1067:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_1067:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1068:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_1068:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_1068:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1069:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_1069:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_1069:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_107:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_107:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_107:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_1070:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_1070:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_1070:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1071:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_1071:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_1071:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1072:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_1072:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_1072:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1073:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_1073:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_1073:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1074:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_1074:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_1074:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1075:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_1075:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_1075:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1076:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_1076:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_1076:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1077:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_1077:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_1077:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1078:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_1078:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_1078:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1079:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_1079:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_1079:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_108:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_108:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_108:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_1080:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_1080:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_1080:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1081:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_1081:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_1081:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1082:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_1082:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_1082:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1083:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_1083:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_1083:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1084:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_1084:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_1084:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1085:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_1085:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_1085:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1086:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_1086:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_1086:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1087:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_1087:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_1087:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1088:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_1088:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_1088:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1089:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_1089:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_1089:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_109:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_109:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_109:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_1090:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_1090:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_1090:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1091:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_1091:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_1091:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1092:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_1092:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_1092:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1093:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_1093:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_1093:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1094:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_1094:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_1094:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1095:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_1095:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_1095:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1096:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_1096:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_1096:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1097:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_1097:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_1097:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1098:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_1098:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_1098:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1099:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_1099:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_1099:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_11:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_11:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_11:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_110:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_110:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_110:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_1100:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_1100:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_1100:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1101:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_1101:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_1101:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1102:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_1102:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_1102:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1103:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_1103:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_1103:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1104:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_1104:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_1104:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1105:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_1105:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_1105:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1106:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_1106:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_1106:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1107:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_1107:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_1107:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1108:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_1108:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_1108:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1109:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_1109:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_1109:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_111:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_111:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_111:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_1110:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_1110:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_1110:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1111:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_1111:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_1111:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1112:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_1112:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_1112:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1113:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_1113:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_1113:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1114:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_1114:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_1114:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1115:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_1115:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_1115:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1116:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_1116:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_1116:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1117:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_1117:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_1117:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1118:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_1118:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_1118:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1119:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_1119:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_1119:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_112:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_112:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_112:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_1120:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_1120:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_1120:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1121:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_1121:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_1121:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1122:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_1122:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_1122:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1123:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_1123:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_1123:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1124:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_1124:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_1124:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1125:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_1125:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_1125:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1126:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_1126:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_1126:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1127:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_1127:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_1127:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1128:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_1128:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_1128:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1129:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_1129:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_1129:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_113:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_113:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_113:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_1130:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_1130:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_1130:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1131:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_1131:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_1131:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1132:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_1132:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_1132:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1133:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_1133:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_1133:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1134:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_1134:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_1134:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1135:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_1135:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_1135:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1136:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_1136:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_1136:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1137:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_1137:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_1137:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1138:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_1138:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_1138:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1139:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_1139:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_1139:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_114:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_114:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_114:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_1140:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_1140:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_1140:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1141:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_1141:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_1141:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1142:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_1142:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_1142:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1143:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_1143:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_1143:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1144:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_1144:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_1144:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1145:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_1145:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_1145:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1146:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_1146:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_1146:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1147:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_1147:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_1147:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1148:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_1148:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_1148:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1149:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_1149:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_1149:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_115:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_115:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_115:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_1150:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_1150:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_1150:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_116:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_116:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_116:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_117:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_117:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_117:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_118:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_118:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_118:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_119:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_119:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_119:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_12:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_12:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_12:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_120:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_120:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_120:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_121:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_121:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_121:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_122:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_122:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_122:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_123:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_123:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_123:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_124:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_124:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_124:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_125:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_125:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_125:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_126:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_126:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_126:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_127:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_127:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_127:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_128:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_128:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_128:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_129:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_129:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_129:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_13:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_13:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_13:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_130:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_130:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_130:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_131:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_131:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_131:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_132:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_132:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_132:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_133:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_133:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_133:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_134:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_134:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_134:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_135:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_135:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_135:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_136:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_136:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_136:#originalTopic=Debate:_Partial-birth_abortion
abortion/post_137:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_137:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_137:#originalTopic=Debate:_Partial-birth_abortion
abortion/post_138:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_138:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_138:#originalTopic=Debate:_Partial-birth_abortion
abortion/post_139:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_139:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_139:#originalTopic=Debate:_Partial-birth_abortion
abortion/post_14:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_14:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_14:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_140:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_140:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_140:#originalTopic=Debate:_Partial-birth_abortion
abortion/post_141:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_141:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_141:#originalTopic=Debate:_Partial-birth_abortion
abortion/post_142:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_142:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_142:#originalTopic=Debate:_Partial-birth_abortion
abortion/post_143:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_143:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_143:#originalTopic=Debate:_Partial-birth_abortion
abortion/post_144:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_144:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_144:#originalTopic=Debate:_Partial-birth_abortion
abortion/post_145:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_145:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_145:#originalTopic=Debate:_Partial-birth_abortion
abortion/post_146:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_146:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_146:#originalTopic=Debate:_Partial-birth_abortion
abortion/post_147:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_147:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_147:#originalTopic=Debate:_Partial-birth_abortion
abortion/post_148:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_148:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_148:#originalTopic=Debate:_Partial-birth_abortion
abortion/post_149:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_149:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_149:#originalTopic=Debate:_Partial-birth_abortion
abortion/post_15:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_15:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_15:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_150:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_150:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_150:#originalTopic=Debate:_Partial-birth_abortion
abortion/post_151:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_151:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_151:#originalTopic=Debate:_Partial-birth_abortion
abortion/post_152:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_152:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_152:#originalTopic=Debate:_Partial-birth_abortion
abortion/post_153:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_153:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_153:#originalTopic=Debate:_Partial-birth_abortion
abortion/post_154:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_154:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_154:#originalTopic=Debate:_Partial-birth_abortion
abortion/post_155:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_155:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_155:#originalTopic=Debate:_Partial-birth_abortion
abortion/post_156:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_156:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_156:#originalTopic=Debate:_Partial-birth_abortion
abortion/post_157:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_157:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_157:#originalTopic=Debate:_Partial-birth_abortion
abortion/post_158:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_158:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_158:#originalTopic=Debate:_Partial-birth_abortion
abortion/post_159:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_159:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_159:#originalTopic=Debate:_Partial-birth_abortion
abortion/post_16:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_16:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_16:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_160:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_160:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_160:#originalTopic=Debate:_Partial-birth_abortion
abortion/post_161:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_161:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_161:#originalTopic=Debate:_Partial-birth_abortion
abortion/post_162:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_162:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_162:#originalTopic=Debate:_Partial-birth_abortion
abortion/post_163:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_163:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_163:#originalTopic=Debate:_Partial-birth_abortion
abortion/post_164:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_164:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_164:#originalTopic=Debate:_Partial-birth_abortion
abortion/post_165:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_165:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_165:#originalTopic=Debate:_Partial-birth_abortion
abortion/post_166:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_166:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_166:#originalTopic=Debate:_Partial-birth_abortion
abortion/post_167:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_167:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_167:#originalTopic=Debate:_Partial-birth_abortion
abortion/post_168:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_168:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_168:#originalTopic=Debate:_Partial-birth_abortion
abortion/post_169:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_169:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_169:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_17:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_17:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_17:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_170:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_170:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_170:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_171:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_171:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_171:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_172:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_172:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_172:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_173:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_173:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_173:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_174:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_174:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_174:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_175:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_175:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_175:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_176:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_176:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_176:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_177:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_177:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_177:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_178:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_178:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_178:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_179:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_179:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_179:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_18:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_18:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_18:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_180:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_180:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_180:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_181:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_181:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_181:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_182:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_182:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_182:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_183:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_183:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_183:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_184:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_184:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_184:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_185:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_185:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_185:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_186:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_186:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_186:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_187:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_187:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_187:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_188:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_188:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_188:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_189:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_189:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_189:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_19:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_19:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_19:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_190:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_190:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_190:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_191:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_191:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_191:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_192:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_192:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_192:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_193:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_193:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_193:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_194:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_194:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_194:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_195:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_195:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_195:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_196:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_196:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_196:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_197:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_197:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_197:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_198:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_198:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_198:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_199:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_199:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_199:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_2:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_2:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_2:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_20:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_20:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_20:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_200:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_200:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_200:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_201:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_201:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_201:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_202:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_202:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_202:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_203:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_203:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_203:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_204:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_204:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_204:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_205:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_205:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_205:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_206:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_206:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_206:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_207:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_207:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_207:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_208:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_208:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_208:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_209:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_209:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_209:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_21:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_21:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_21:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_210:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_210:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_210:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_211:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_211:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_211:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_212:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_212:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_212:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_213:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_213:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_213:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_214:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_214:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_214:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_215:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_215:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_215:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_216:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_216:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_216:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_217:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_217:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_217:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_218:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_218:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_218:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_219:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_219:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_219:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_22:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_22:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_22:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_220:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_220:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_220:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_221:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_221:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_221:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_222:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_222:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_222:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_223:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_223:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_223:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_224:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_224:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_224:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_225:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_225:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_225:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_226:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_226:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_226:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_227:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_227:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_227:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_228:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_228:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_228:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_229:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_229:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_229:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_23:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_23:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_23:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_230:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_230:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_230:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_231:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_231:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_231:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_232:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_232:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_232:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_233:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_233:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_233:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_234:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_234:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_234:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_235:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_235:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_235:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_236:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_236:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_236:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_237:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_237:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_237:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_238:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_238:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_238:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_239:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_239:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_239:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_24:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_24:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_24:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_240:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_240:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_240:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_241:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_241:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_241:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_242:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_242:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_242:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_243:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_243:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_243:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_244:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_244:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_244:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_245:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_245:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_245:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_246:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_246:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_246:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_247:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_247:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_247:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_248:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_248:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_248:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_249:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_249:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_249:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_25:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_25:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_25:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_250:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_250:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_250:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_251:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_251:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_251:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_252:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_252:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_252:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_253:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_253:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_253:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_254:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_254:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_254:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_255:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_255:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_255:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_256:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_256:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_256:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_257:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_257:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_257:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_258:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_258:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_258:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_259:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_259:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_259:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_26:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_26:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_26:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_260:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_260:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_260:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_261:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_261:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_261:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_262:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_262:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_262:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_263:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_263:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_263:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_264:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_264:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_264:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_265:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_265:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_265:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_266:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_266:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_266:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_267:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_267:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_267:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_268:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_268:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_268:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_269:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_269:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_269:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_27:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_27:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_27:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_270:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_270:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_270:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_271:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_271:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_271:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_272:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_272:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_272:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_273:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_273:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_273:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_274:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_274:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_274:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_275:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_275:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_275:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_276:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_276:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_276:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_277:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_277:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_277:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_278:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_278:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_278:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_279:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_279:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_279:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_28:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_28:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_28:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_280:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_280:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_280:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_281:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_281:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_281:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_282:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_282:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_282:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_283:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_283:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_283:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_284:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_284:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_284:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_285:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_285:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_285:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_286:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_286:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_286:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_287:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_287:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_287:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_288:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_288:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_288:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_289:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_289:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_289:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_29:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_29:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_29:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_290:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_290:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_290:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_291:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_291:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_291:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_292:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_292:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_292:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_293:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_293:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_293:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_294:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_294:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_294:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_295:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_295:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_295:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_296:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_296:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_296:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_297:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_297:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_297:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_298:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_298:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_298:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_299:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_299:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_299:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_3:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_3:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_3:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_30:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_30:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_30:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_300:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_300:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_300:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_301:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_301:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_301:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_302:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_302:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_302:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_303:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_303:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_303:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_304:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_304:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_304:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_305:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_305:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_305:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_306:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_306:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_306:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_307:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_307:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_307:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_308:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_308:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_308:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_309:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_309:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_309:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_31:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_31:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_31:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_310:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_310:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_310:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_311:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_311:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_311:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_312:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_312:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_312:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_313:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_313:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_313:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_314:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_314:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_314:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_315:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_315:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_315:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_316:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_316:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_316:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_317:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_317:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_317:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_318:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_318:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_318:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_319:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_319:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_319:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_32:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_32:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_32:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_320:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_320:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_320:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_321:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_321:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_321:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_322:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_322:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_322:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_323:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_323:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_323:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_324:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_324:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_324:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_325:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_325:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_325:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_326:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_326:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_326:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_327:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_327:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_327:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_328:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_328:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_328:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_329:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_329:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_329:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_33:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_33:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_33:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_330:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_330:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_330:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_331:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_331:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_331:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_332:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_332:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_332:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_333:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_333:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_333:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_334:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_334:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_334:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_335:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_335:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_335:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_336:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_336:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_336:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_337:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_337:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_337:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_338:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_338:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_338:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_339:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_339:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_339:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_34:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_34:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_34:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_340:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_340:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_340:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_341:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_341:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_341:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_342:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_342:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_342:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_343:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_343:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_343:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_344:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_344:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_344:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_345:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_345:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_345:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_346:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_346:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_346:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_347:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_347:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_347:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_348:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_348:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_348:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_349:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_349:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_349:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_35:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_35:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_35:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_350:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_350:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_350:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_351:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_351:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_351:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_352:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_352:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_352:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_353:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_353:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_353:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_354:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_354:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_354:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_355:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_355:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_355:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_356:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_356:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_356:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_357:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_357:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_357:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_358:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_358:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_358:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_359:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_359:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_359:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_36:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_36:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_36:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_360:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_360:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_360:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_361:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_361:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_361:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_362:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_362:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_362:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_363:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_363:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_363:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_364:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_364:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_364:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_365:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_365:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_365:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_366:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_366:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_366:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_367:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_367:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_367:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_368:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_368:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_368:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_369:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_369:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_369:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_37:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_37:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_37:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_370:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_370:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_370:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_371:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_371:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_371:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_372:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_372:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_372:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_373:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_373:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_373:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_374:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_374:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_374:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_375:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_375:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_375:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_376:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_376:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_376:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_377:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_377:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_377:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_378:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_378:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_378:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_379:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_379:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_379:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_38:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_38:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_38:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_380:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_380:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_380:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_381:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_381:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_381:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_382:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_382:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_382:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_383:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_383:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_383:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_384:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_384:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_384:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_385:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_385:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_385:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_386:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_386:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_386:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_387:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_387:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_387:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_388:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_388:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_388:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_389:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_389:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_389:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_39:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_39:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_39:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_390:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_390:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_390:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_391:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_391:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_391:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_392:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_392:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_392:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_393:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_393:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_393:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_394:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_394:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_394:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_395:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_395:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_395:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_396:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_396:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_396:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_397:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_397:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_397:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_398:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_398:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_398:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_399:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_399:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_399:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_4:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_4:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_4:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_40:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_40:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_40:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_400:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_400:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_400:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_401:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_401:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_401:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_402:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_402:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_402:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_403:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_403:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_403:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_404:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_404:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_404:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_405:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_405:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_405:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_406:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_406:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_406:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_407:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_407:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_407:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_408:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_408:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_408:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_409:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_409:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_409:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_41:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_41:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_41:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_410:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_410:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_410:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_411:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_411:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_411:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_412:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_412:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_412:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_413:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_413:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_413:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_414:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_414:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_414:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_415:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_415:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_415:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_416:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_416:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_416:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_417:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_417:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_417:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_418:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_418:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_418:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_419:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_419:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_419:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_42:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_42:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_42:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_420:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_420:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_420:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_421:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_421:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_421:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_422:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_422:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_422:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_423:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_423:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_423:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_424:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_424:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_424:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_425:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_425:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_425:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_426:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_426:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_426:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_427:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_427:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_427:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_428:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_428:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_428:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_429:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_429:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_429:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_43:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_43:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_43:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_430:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_430:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_430:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_431:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_431:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_431:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_432:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_432:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_432:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_433:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_433:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_433:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_434:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_434:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_434:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_435:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_435:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_435:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_436:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_436:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_436:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_437:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_437:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_437:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_438:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_438:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_438:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_439:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_439:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_439:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_44:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_44:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_44:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_440:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_440:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_440:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_441:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_441:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_441:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_442:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_442:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_442:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_443:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_443:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_443:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_444:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_444:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_444:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_445:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_445:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_445:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_446:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_446:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_446:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_447:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_447:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_447:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_448:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_448:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_448:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_449:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_449:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_449:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_45:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_45:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_45:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_450:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_450:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_450:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_451:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_451:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_451:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_452:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_452:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_452:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_453:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_453:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_453:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_454:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_454:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_454:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_455:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_455:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_455:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_456:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_456:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_456:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_457:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_457:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_457:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_458:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_458:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_458:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_459:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_459:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_459:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_46:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_46:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_46:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_460:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_460:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_460:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_461:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_461:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_461:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_462:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_462:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_462:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_463:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_463:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_463:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_464:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_464:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_464:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_465:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_465:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_465:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_466:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_466:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_466:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_467:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_467:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_467:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_468:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_468:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_468:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_469:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_469:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_469:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_47:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_47:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_47:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_470:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_470:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_470:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_471:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_471:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_471:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_472:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_472:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_472:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_473:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_473:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_473:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_474:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_474:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_474:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_475:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_475:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_475:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_476:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_476:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_476:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_477:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_477:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_477:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_478:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_478:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_478:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_479:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_479:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_479:#originalTopic=should-obama-have-reversed-us-abortion-policy
abortion/post_48:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_48:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_48:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_480:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_480:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_480:#originalTopic=should-obama-have-reversed-us-abortion-policy
abortion/post_481:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_481:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_481:#originalTopic=should-obama-have-reversed-us-abortion-policy
abortion/post_482:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_482:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_482:#originalTopic=should-obama-have-reversed-us-abortion-policy
abortion/post_483:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_483:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_483:#originalTopic=should-obama-have-reversed-us-abortion-policy
abortion/post_484:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_484:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_484:#originalTopic=should-obama-have-reversed-us-abortion-policy
abortion/post_485:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_485:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_485:#originalTopic=should-obama-have-reversed-us-abortion-policy
abortion/post_486:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_486:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_486:#originalTopic=should-obama-have-reversed-us-abortion-policy
abortion/post_487:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_487:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_487:#originalTopic=should-obama-have-reversed-us-abortion-policy
abortion/post_488:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_488:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_488:#originalTopic=should-obama-have-reversed-us-abortion-policy
abortion/post_489:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_489:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_489:#originalTopic=should-obama-have-reversed-us-abortion-policy
abortion/post_49:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_49:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_49:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_490:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_490:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_490:#originalTopic=should-obama-have-reversed-us-abortion-policy
abortion/post_491:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_491:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_491:#originalTopic=should-obama-have-reversed-us-abortion-policy
abortion/post_492:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_492:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_492:#originalTopic=should-obama-have-reversed-us-abortion-policy
abortion/post_493:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_493:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_493:#originalTopic=should-obama-have-reversed-us-abortion-policy
abortion/post_494:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_494:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_494:#originalTopic=should-obama-have-reversed-us-abortion-policy
abortion/post_495:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_495:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_495:#originalTopic=should-obama-have-reversed-us-abortion-policy
abortion/post_496:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_496:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_496:#originalTopic=should-obama-have-reversed-us-abortion-policy
abortion/post_497:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_497:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_497:#originalTopic=should-obama-have-reversed-us-abortion-policy
abortion/post_498:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_498:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_498:#originalTopic=should-obama-have-reversed-us-abortion-policy
abortion/post_499:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_499:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_499:#originalTopic=should-obama-have-reversed-us-abortion-policy
abortion/post_5:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_5:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_5:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_50:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_50:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_50:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_500:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_500:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_500:#originalTopic=should-obama-have-reversed-us-abortion-policy
abortion/post_501:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_501:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_501:#originalTopic=should-obama-have-reversed-us-abortion-policy
abortion/post_502:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_502:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_502:#originalTopic=should-obama-have-reversed-us-abortion-policy
abortion/post_503:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_503:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_503:#originalTopic=should-obama-have-reversed-us-abortion-policy
abortion/post_504:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_504:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_504:#originalTopic=should-obama-have-reversed-us-abortion-policy
abortion/post_505:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_505:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_505:#originalTopic=should-obama-have-reversed-us-abortion-policy
abortion/post_506:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_506:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_506:#originalTopic=should-obama-have-reversed-us-abortion-policy
abortion/post_507:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_507:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_507:#originalTopic=should-obama-have-reversed-us-abortion-policy
abortion/post_508:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_508:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_508:#originalTopic=should-obama-have-reversed-us-abortion-policy
abortion/post_509:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_509:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_509:#originalTopic=should-obama-have-reversed-us-abortion-policy
abortion/post_51:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_51:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_51:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_510:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_510:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_510:#originalTopic=should-obama-have-reversed-us-abortion-policy
abortion/post_511:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_511:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_511:#originalTopic=should-obama-have-reversed-us-abortion-policy
abortion/post_512:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_512:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_512:#originalTopic=should-obama-have-reversed-us-abortion-policy
abortion/post_513:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_513:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_513:#originalTopic=should-obama-have-reversed-us-abortion-policy
abortion/post_514:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_514:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_514:#originalTopic=should-obama-have-reversed-us-abortion-policy
abortion/post_515:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_515:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_515:#originalTopic=should-obama-have-reversed-us-abortion-policy
abortion/post_516:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_516:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_516:#originalTopic=should-obama-have-reversed-us-abortion-policy
abortion/post_517:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_517:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_517:#originalTopic=should-obama-have-reversed-us-abortion-policy
abortion/post_518:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_518:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_518:#originalTopic=should-south-dakota-pass-the-abortion-ban
abortion/post_519:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_519:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_519:#originalTopic=should-south-dakota-pass-the-abortion-ban
abortion/post_52:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_52:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_52:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_520:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_520:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_520:#originalTopic=should-south-dakota-pass-the-abortion-ban
abortion/post_521:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_521:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_521:#originalTopic=should-south-dakota-pass-the-abortion-ban
abortion/post_522:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_522:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_522:#originalTopic=should-south-dakota-pass-the-abortion-ban
abortion/post_523:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_523:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_523:#originalTopic=should-south-dakota-pass-the-abortion-ban
abortion/post_524:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_524:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_524:#originalTopic=should-south-dakota-pass-the-abortion-ban
abortion/post_525:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_525:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_525:#originalTopic=should-south-dakota-pass-the-abortion-ban
abortion/post_526:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_526:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_526:#originalTopic=should-south-dakota-pass-the-abortion-ban
abortion/post_527:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_527:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_527:#originalTopic=should-south-dakota-pass-the-abortion-ban
abortion/post_528:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_528:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_528:#originalTopic=should-south-dakota-pass-the-abortion-ban
abortion/post_529:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_529:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_529:#originalTopic=should-south-dakota-pass-the-abortion-ban
abortion/post_53:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_53:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_53:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_530:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_530:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_530:#originalTopic=should-south-dakota-pass-the-abortion-ban
abortion/post_531:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_531:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_531:#originalTopic=should-south-dakota-pass-the-abortion-ban
abortion/post_532:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_532:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_532:#originalTopic=should-south-dakota-pass-the-abortion-ban
abortion/post_533:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_533:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_533:#originalTopic=should-south-dakota-pass-the-abortion-ban
abortion/post_534:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_534:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_534:#originalTopic=should-south-dakota-pass-the-abortion-ban
abortion/post_535:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_535:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_535:#originalTopic=should-south-dakota-pass-the-abortion-ban
abortion/post_536:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_536:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_536:#originalTopic=should-south-dakota-pass-the-abortion-ban
abortion/post_537:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_537:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_537:#originalTopic=should-south-dakota-pass-the-abortion-ban
abortion/post_538:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_538:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_538:#originalTopic=should-south-dakota-pass-the-abortion-ban
abortion/post_539:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_539:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_539:#originalTopic=should-south-dakota-pass-the-abortion-ban
abortion/post_54:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_54:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_54:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_540:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_540:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_540:#originalTopic=should-south-dakota-pass-the-abortion-ban
abortion/post_541:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_541:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_541:#originalTopic=should-south-dakota-pass-the-abortion-ban
abortion/post_542:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_542:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_542:#originalTopic=should-south-dakota-pass-the-abortion-ban
abortion/post_543:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_543:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_543:#originalTopic=should-south-dakota-pass-the-abortion-ban
abortion/post_544:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_544:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_544:#originalTopic=should-south-dakota-pass-the-abortion-ban
abortion/post_545:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_545:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_545:#originalTopic=should-south-dakota-pass-the-abortion-ban
abortion/post_546:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_546:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_546:#originalTopic=should-south-dakota-pass-the-abortion-ban
abortion/post_547:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_547:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_547:#originalTopic=should-south-dakota-pass-the-abortion-ban
abortion/post_548:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_548:#originalStanceText=After Conception
abortion/post_548:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_549:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_549:#originalStanceText=After Conception
abortion/post_549:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_55:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_55:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_55:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_550:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_550:#originalStanceText=After Conception
abortion/post_550:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_551:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_551:#originalStanceText=At Conception
abortion/post_551:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_552:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_552:#originalStanceText=At Conception
abortion/post_552:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_553:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_553:#originalStanceText=After Conception
abortion/post_553:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_554:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_554:#originalStanceText=After Conception
abortion/post_554:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_555:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_555:#originalStanceText=At Conception
abortion/post_555:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_556:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_556:#originalStanceText=After Conception
abortion/post_556:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_557:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_557:#originalStanceText=After Conception
abortion/post_557:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_558:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_558:#originalStanceText=After Conception
abortion/post_558:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_559:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_559:#originalStanceText=At Conception
abortion/post_559:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_56:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_56:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_56:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_560:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_560:#originalStanceText=At Conception
abortion/post_560:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_561:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_561:#originalStanceText=After Conception
abortion/post_561:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_562:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_562:#originalStanceText=At Conception
abortion/post_562:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_563:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_563:#originalStanceText=After Conception
abortion/post_563:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_564:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_564:#originalStanceText=After Conception
abortion/post_564:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_565:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_565:#originalStanceText=After Conception
abortion/post_565:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_566:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_566:#originalStanceText=After Conception
abortion/post_566:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_567:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_567:#originalStanceText=After Conception
abortion/post_567:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_568:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_568:#originalStanceText=After Conception
abortion/post_568:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_569:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_569:#originalStanceText=At Conception
abortion/post_569:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_57:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_57:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_57:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_570:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_570:#originalStanceText=At Conception
abortion/post_570:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_571:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_571:#originalStanceText=At Conception
abortion/post_571:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_572:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_572:#originalStanceText=After Conception
abortion/post_572:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_573:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_573:#originalStanceText=After Conception
abortion/post_573:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_574:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_574:#originalStanceText=After Conception
abortion/post_574:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_575:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_575:#originalStanceText=After Conception
abortion/post_575:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_576:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_576:#originalStanceText=After Conception
abortion/post_576:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_577:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_577:#originalStanceText=At Conception
abortion/post_577:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_578:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_578:#originalStanceText=At Conception
abortion/post_578:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_579:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_579:#originalStanceText=After Conception
abortion/post_579:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_58:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_58:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_58:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_580:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_580:#originalStanceText=At Conception
abortion/post_580:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_581:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_581:#originalStanceText=After Conception
abortion/post_581:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_582:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_582:#originalStanceText=At Conception
abortion/post_582:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_583:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_583:#originalStanceText=After Conception
abortion/post_583:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_584:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_584:#originalStanceText=At Conception
abortion/post_584:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_585:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_585:#originalStanceText=At Conception
abortion/post_585:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_586:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_586:#originalStanceText=After Conception
abortion/post_586:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_587:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_587:#originalStanceText=At Conception
abortion/post_587:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_588:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_588:#originalStanceText=After Conception
abortion/post_588:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_589:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_589:#originalStanceText=After Conception
abortion/post_589:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_59:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_59:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_59:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_590:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_590:#originalStanceText=At Conception
abortion/post_590:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_591:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_591:#originalStanceText=After Conception
abortion/post_591:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_592:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_592:#originalStanceText=At Conception
abortion/post_592:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_593:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_593:#originalStanceText=At Conception
abortion/post_593:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_594:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_594:#originalStanceText=At Conception
abortion/post_594:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_595:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_595:#originalStanceText=At Conception
abortion/post_595:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_596:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_596:#originalStanceText=At Conception
abortion/post_596:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_597:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_597:#originalStanceText=At Conception
abortion/post_597:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_598:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_598:#originalStanceText=After Conception
abortion/post_598:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_599:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_599:#originalStanceText=At Conception
abortion/post_599:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_6:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_6:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_6:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_60:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_60:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_60:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_600:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_600:#originalStanceText=After Conception
abortion/post_600:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_601:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_601:#originalStanceText=After Conception
abortion/post_601:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_602:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_602:#originalStanceText=At Conception
abortion/post_602:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_603:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_603:#originalStanceText=After Conception
abortion/post_603:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_604:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_604:#originalStanceText=At Conception
abortion/post_604:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_605:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_605:#originalStanceText=After Conception
abortion/post_605:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_606:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_606:#originalStanceText=At Conception
abortion/post_606:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_607:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_607:#originalStanceText=After Conception
abortion/post_607:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_608:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_608:#originalStanceText=At Conception
abortion/post_608:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_609:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_609:#originalStanceText=At Conception
abortion/post_609:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_61:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_61:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_61:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_610:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_610:#originalStanceText=At Conception
abortion/post_610:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_611:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_611:#originalStanceText=At Conception
abortion/post_611:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_612:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_612:#originalStanceText=After Conception
abortion/post_612:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_613:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_613:#originalStanceText=At Conception
abortion/post_613:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_614:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_614:#originalStanceText=After Conception
abortion/post_614:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_615:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_615:#originalStanceText=At Conception
abortion/post_615:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_616:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_616:#originalStanceText=After Conception
abortion/post_616:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_617:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_617:#originalStanceText=At Conception
abortion/post_617:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_618:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_618:#originalStanceText=At Conception
abortion/post_618:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_619:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_619:#originalStanceText=At Conception
abortion/post_619:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_62:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_62:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_62:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_620:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_620:#originalStanceText=At Conception
abortion/post_620:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_621:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_621:#originalStanceText=After Conception
abortion/post_621:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_622:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_622:#originalStanceText=At Conception
abortion/post_622:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_623:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_623:#originalStanceText=After Conception
abortion/post_623:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_624:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_624:#originalStanceText=At Conception
abortion/post_624:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_625:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_625:#originalStanceText=At Conception
abortion/post_625:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_626:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_626:#originalStanceText=After Conception
abortion/post_626:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_627:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_627:#originalStanceText=At Conception
abortion/post_627:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_628:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_628:#originalStanceText=After Conception
abortion/post_628:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_629:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_629:#originalStanceText=After Conception
abortion/post_629:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_63:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_63:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_63:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_630:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_630:#originalStanceText=After Conception
abortion/post_630:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_631:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_631:#originalStanceText=After Conception
abortion/post_631:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_632:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_632:#originalStanceText=At Conception
abortion/post_632:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_633:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_633:#originalStanceText=At Conception
abortion/post_633:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_634:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_634:#originalStanceText=After Conception
abortion/post_634:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_635:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_635:#originalStanceText=At Conception
abortion/post_635:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_636:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_636:#originalStanceText=At Conception
abortion/post_636:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_637:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_637:#originalStanceText=At Conception
abortion/post_637:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_638:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_638:#originalStanceText=At Conception
abortion/post_638:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_639:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_639:#originalStanceText=At Conception
abortion/post_639:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_64:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_64:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_64:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_640:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_640:#originalStanceText=After Conception
abortion/post_640:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_641:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_641:#originalStanceText=At Conception
abortion/post_641:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_642:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_642:#originalStanceText=After Conception
abortion/post_642:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_643:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_643:#originalStanceText=At Conception
abortion/post_643:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_644:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_644:#originalStanceText=After Conception
abortion/post_644:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_645:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_645:#originalStanceText=At Conception
abortion/post_645:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_646:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_646:#originalStanceText=After Conception
abortion/post_646:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_647:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_647:#originalStanceText=At Conception
abortion/post_647:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_648:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_648:#originalStanceText=After Conception
abortion/post_648:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_649:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_649:#originalStanceText=At Conception
abortion/post_649:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_65:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_65:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_65:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_650:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_650:#originalStanceText=After Conception
abortion/post_650:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_651:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_651:#originalStanceText=At Conception
abortion/post_651:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_652:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_652:#originalStanceText=After Conception
abortion/post_652:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_653:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_653:#originalStanceText=At Conception
abortion/post_653:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_654:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_654:#originalStanceText=At Conception
abortion/post_654:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_655:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_655:#originalStanceText=At Conception
abortion/post_655:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_656:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_656:#originalStanceText=After Conception
abortion/post_656:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_657:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_657:#originalStanceText=At Conception
abortion/post_657:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_658:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_658:#originalStanceText=At Conception
abortion/post_658:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_659:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_659:#originalStanceText=At Conception
abortion/post_659:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_66:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_66:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_66:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_660:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_660:#originalStanceText=After Conception
abortion/post_660:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_661:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_661:#originalStanceText=At Conception
abortion/post_661:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_662:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_662:#originalStanceText=After Conception
abortion/post_662:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_663:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_663:#originalStanceText=At Conception
abortion/post_663:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_664:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_664:#originalStanceText=At Conception
abortion/post_664:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_665:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_665:#originalStanceText=After Conception
abortion/post_665:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_666:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_666:#originalStanceText=At Conception
abortion/post_666:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_667:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_667:#originalStanceText=After Conception
abortion/post_667:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_668:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_668:#originalStanceText=After Conception
abortion/post_668:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_669:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_669:#originalStanceText=After Conception
abortion/post_669:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_67:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_67:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_67:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_670:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_670:#originalStanceText=After Conception
abortion/post_670:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_671:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_671:#originalStanceText=After Conception
abortion/post_671:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_672:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_672:#originalStanceText=After Conception
abortion/post_672:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_673:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_673:#originalStanceText=At Conception
abortion/post_673:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_674:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_674:#originalStanceText=After Conception
abortion/post_674:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_675:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_675:#originalStanceText=At Conception
abortion/post_675:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_676:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_676:#originalStanceText=After Conception
abortion/post_676:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_677:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_677:#originalStanceText=After Conception
abortion/post_677:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_678:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_678:#originalStanceText=After Conception
abortion/post_678:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_679:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_679:#originalStanceText=After Conception
abortion/post_679:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_68:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_68:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_68:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_680:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_680:#originalStanceText=At Conception
abortion/post_680:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_681:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_681:#originalStanceText=At Conception
abortion/post_681:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_682:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_682:#originalStanceText=After Conception
abortion/post_682:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_683:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_683:#originalStanceText=At Conception
abortion/post_683:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_684:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_684:#originalStanceText=After Conception
abortion/post_684:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_685:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_685:#originalStanceText=At Conception
abortion/post_685:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_686:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_686:#originalStanceText=At Conception
abortion/post_686:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_687:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_687:#originalStanceText=At Conception
abortion/post_687:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_688:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_688:#originalStanceText=After Conception
abortion/post_688:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_689:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_689:#originalStanceText=After Conception
abortion/post_689:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_69:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_69:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_69:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_690:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_690:#originalStanceText=After Conception
abortion/post_690:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_691:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_691:#originalStanceText=After Conception
abortion/post_691:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_692:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_692:#originalStanceText=At Conception
abortion/post_692:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_693:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_693:#originalStanceText=After Conception
abortion/post_693:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_694:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_694:#originalStanceText=After Conception
abortion/post_694:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_695:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_695:#originalStanceText=At Conception
abortion/post_695:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_696:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_696:#originalStanceText=After Conception
abortion/post_696:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_697:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_697:#originalStanceText=At Conception
abortion/post_697:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_698:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_698:#originalStanceText=After Conception
abortion/post_698:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_699:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_699:#originalStanceText=After Conception
abortion/post_699:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_7:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_7:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_7:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_70:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_70:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_70:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_700:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_700:#originalStanceText=After Conception
abortion/post_700:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_701:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_701:#originalStanceText=After Conception
abortion/post_701:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_702:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_702:#originalStanceText=After Conception
abortion/post_702:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_703:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_703:#originalStanceText=At Conception
abortion/post_703:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_704:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_704:#originalStanceText=After Conception
abortion/post_704:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_705:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_705:#originalStanceText=After Conception
abortion/post_705:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_706:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_706:#originalStanceText=After Conception
abortion/post_706:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_707:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_707:#originalStanceText=At Conception
abortion/post_707:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_708:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_708:#originalStanceText=After Conception
abortion/post_708:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_709:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_709:#originalStanceText=At Conception
abortion/post_709:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_71:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_71:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_71:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_710:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_710:#originalStanceText=After Conception
abortion/post_710:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_711:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_711:#originalStanceText=At Conception
abortion/post_711:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_712:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_712:#originalStanceText=At Conception
abortion/post_712:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_713:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_713:#originalStanceText=After Conception
abortion/post_713:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_714:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_714:#originalStanceText=At Conception
abortion/post_714:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_715:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_715:#originalStanceText=After Conception
abortion/post_715:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_716:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_716:#originalStanceText=At Conception
abortion/post_716:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_717:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_717:#originalStanceText=After Conception
abortion/post_717:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_718:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_718:#originalStanceText=At Conception
abortion/post_718:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_719:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_719:#originalStanceText=Yes it should be
abortion/post_719:#originalTopic=Abortion_Should_Be_Banned
abortion/post_72:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_72:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_72:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_720:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_720:#originalStanceText=no it should not
abortion/post_720:#originalTopic=Abortion_Should_Be_Banned
abortion/post_721:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_721:#originalStanceText=Yes it should be
abortion/post_721:#originalTopic=Abortion_Should_Be_Banned
abortion/post_722:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_722:#originalStanceText=Yes it should be
abortion/post_722:#originalTopic=Abortion_Should_Be_Banned
abortion/post_723:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_723:#originalStanceText=no it should not
abortion/post_723:#originalTopic=Abortion_Should_Be_Banned
abortion/post_724:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_724:#originalStanceText=Yes it should be
abortion/post_724:#originalTopic=Abortion_Should_Be_Banned
abortion/post_725:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_725:#originalStanceText=no it should not
abortion/post_725:#originalTopic=Abortion_Should_Be_Banned
abortion/post_726:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_726:#originalStanceText=no it should not
abortion/post_726:#originalTopic=Abortion_Should_Be_Banned
abortion/post_727:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_727:#originalStanceText=no it should not
abortion/post_727:#originalTopic=Abortion_Should_Be_Banned
abortion/post_728:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_728:#originalStanceText=Yes it should be
abortion/post_728:#originalTopic=Abortion_Should_Be_Banned
abortion/post_729:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_729:#originalStanceText=no it should not
abortion/post_729:#originalTopic=Abortion_Should_Be_Banned
abortion/post_73:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_73:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_73:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_730:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_730:#originalStanceText=Yes it should be
abortion/post_730:#originalTopic=Abortion_Should_Be_Banned
abortion/post_731:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_731:#originalStanceText=no it should not
abortion/post_731:#originalTopic=Abortion_Should_Be_Banned
abortion/post_732:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_732:#originalStanceText=Yes it should be
abortion/post_732:#originalTopic=Abortion_Should_Be_Banned
abortion/post_733:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_733:#originalStanceText=Yes it should be
abortion/post_733:#originalTopic=Abortion_Should_Be_Banned
abortion/post_734:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_734:#originalStanceText=no it should not
abortion/post_734:#originalTopic=Abortion_Should_Be_Banned
abortion/post_735:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_735:#originalStanceText=no it should not
abortion/post_735:#originalTopic=Abortion_Should_Be_Banned
abortion/post_736:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_736:#originalStanceText=no it should not
abortion/post_736:#originalTopic=Abortion_Should_Be_Banned
abortion/post_737:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_737:#originalStanceText=Yes it should be
abortion/post_737:#originalTopic=Abortion_Should_Be_Banned
abortion/post_738:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_738:#originalStanceText=no it should not
abortion/post_738:#originalTopic=Abortion_Should_Be_Banned
abortion/post_739:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_739:#originalStanceText=Yes it should be
abortion/post_739:#originalTopic=Abortion_Should_Be_Banned
abortion/post_74:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_74:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_74:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_740:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_740:#originalStanceText=no it should not
abortion/post_740:#originalTopic=Abortion_Should_Be_Banned
abortion/post_741:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_741:#originalStanceText=Yes it should be
abortion/post_741:#originalTopic=Abortion_Should_Be_Banned
abortion/post_742:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_742:#originalStanceText=no it should not
abortion/post_742:#originalTopic=Abortion_Should_Be_Banned
abortion/post_743:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_743:#originalStanceText=Yes it should be
abortion/post_743:#originalTopic=Abortion_Should_Be_Banned
abortion/post_744:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_744:#originalStanceText=no it should not
abortion/post_744:#originalTopic=Abortion_Should_Be_Banned
abortion/post_745:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_745:#originalStanceText=Yes it should be
abortion/post_745:#originalTopic=Abortion_Should_Be_Banned
abortion/post_746:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_746:#originalStanceText=Yes it should be
abortion/post_746:#originalTopic=Abortion_Should_Be_Banned
abortion/post_747:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_747:#originalStanceText=no it should not
abortion/post_747:#originalTopic=Abortion_Should_Be_Banned
abortion/post_748:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_748:#originalStanceText=no it should not
abortion/post_748:#originalTopic=Abortion_Should_Be_Banned
abortion/post_749:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_749:#originalStanceText=no it should not
abortion/post_749:#originalTopic=Abortion_Should_Be_Banned
abortion/post_75:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_75:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_75:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_750:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_750:#originalStanceText=Yes of course
abortion/post_750:#originalTopic=Are_you_Pro_Choice
abortion/post_751:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_751:#originalStanceText=Yes of course
abortion/post_751:#originalTopic=Are_you_Pro_Choice
abortion/post_752:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_752:#originalStanceText=Yes of course
abortion/post_752:#originalTopic=Are_you_Pro_Choice
abortion/post_753:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_753:#originalStanceText=Yes of course
abortion/post_753:#originalTopic=Are_you_Pro_Choice
abortion/post_754:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_754:#originalStanceText=NO WAY
abortion/post_754:#originalTopic=Are_you_Pro_Choice
abortion/post_755:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_755:#originalStanceText=Yes of course
abortion/post_755:#originalTopic=Are_you_Pro_Choice
abortion/post_756:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_756:#originalStanceText=NO WAY
abortion/post_756:#originalTopic=Are_you_Pro_Choice
abortion/post_757:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_757:#originalStanceText=Yes of course
abortion/post_757:#originalTopic=Are_you_Pro_Choice
abortion/post_758:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_758:#originalStanceText=NO WAY
abortion/post_758:#originalTopic=Are_you_Pro_Choice
abortion/post_759:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_759:#originalStanceText=Yes of course
abortion/post_759:#originalTopic=Are_you_Pro_Choice
abortion/post_76:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_76:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_76:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_760:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_760:#originalStanceText=NO WAY
abortion/post_760:#originalTopic=Are_you_Pro_Choice
abortion/post_761:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_761:#originalStanceText=Yes of course
abortion/post_761:#originalTopic=Are_you_Pro_Choice
abortion/post_762:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_762:#originalStanceText=Yes of course
abortion/post_762:#originalTopic=Are_you_Pro_Choice
abortion/post_763:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_763:#originalStanceText=NO WAY
abortion/post_763:#originalTopic=Are_you_Pro_Choice
abortion/post_764:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_764:#originalStanceText=Yes of course
abortion/post_764:#originalTopic=Are_you_Pro_Choice
abortion/post_765:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_765:#originalStanceText=NO WAY
abortion/post_765:#originalTopic=Are_you_Pro_Choice
abortion/post_766:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_766:#originalStanceText=Yes of course
abortion/post_766:#originalTopic=Are_you_Pro_Choice
abortion/post_767:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_767:#originalStanceText=NO WAY
abortion/post_767:#originalTopic=Are_you_Pro_Choice
abortion/post_768:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_768:#originalStanceText=Yes of course
abortion/post_768:#originalTopic=Are_you_Pro_Choice
abortion/post_769:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_769:#originalStanceText=NO WAY
abortion/post_769:#originalTopic=Are_you_Pro_Choice
abortion/post_77:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_77:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_77:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_770:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_770:#originalStanceText=Yes of course
abortion/post_770:#originalTopic=Are_you_Pro_Choice
abortion/post_771:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_771:#originalStanceText=NO WAY
abortion/post_771:#originalTopic=Are_you_Pro_Choice
abortion/post_772:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_772:#originalStanceText=Yes of course
abortion/post_772:#originalTopic=Are_you_Pro_Choice
abortion/post_773:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_773:#originalStanceText=Yes of course
abortion/post_773:#originalTopic=Are_you_Pro_Choice
abortion/post_774:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_774:#originalStanceText=NO WAY
abortion/post_774:#originalTopic=Are_you_Pro_Choice
abortion/post_775:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_775:#originalStanceText=NO WAY
abortion/post_775:#originalTopic=Are_you_Pro_Choice
abortion/post_776:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_776:#originalStanceText=NO WAY
abortion/post_776:#originalTopic=Are_you_Pro_Choice
abortion/post_777:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_777:#originalStanceText=NO WAY
abortion/post_777:#originalTopic=Are_you_Pro_Choice
abortion/post_778:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_778:#originalStanceText=NO WAY
abortion/post_778:#originalTopic=Are_you_Pro_Choice
abortion/post_779:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_779:#originalStanceText=NO WAY
abortion/post_779:#originalTopic=Are_you_Pro_Choice
abortion/post_78:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_78:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_78:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_780:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_780:#originalStanceText=Yes of course
abortion/post_780:#originalTopic=Are_you_Pro_Choice
abortion/post_781:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_781:#originalStanceText=NO WAY
abortion/post_781:#originalTopic=Are_you_Pro_Choice
abortion/post_782:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_782:#originalStanceText=Yes of course
abortion/post_782:#originalTopic=Are_you_Pro_Choice
abortion/post_783:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_783:#originalStanceText=Yes of course
abortion/post_783:#originalTopic=Are_you_Pro_Choice
abortion/post_784:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_784:#originalStanceText=Yes of course
abortion/post_784:#originalTopic=Are_you_Pro_Choice
abortion/post_785:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_785:#originalStanceText=Yes of course
abortion/post_785:#originalTopic=Are_you_Pro_Choice
abortion/post_786:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_786:#originalStanceText=NO WAY
abortion/post_786:#originalTopic=Are_you_Pro_Choice
abortion/post_787:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_787:#originalStanceText=Yes of course
abortion/post_787:#originalTopic=Are_you_Pro_Choice
abortion/post_788:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_788:#originalStanceText=NO WAY
abortion/post_788:#originalTopic=Are_you_Pro_Choice
abortion/post_789:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_789:#originalStanceText=NO WAY
abortion/post_789:#originalTopic=Are_you_Pro_Choice
abortion/post_79:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_79:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_79:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_790:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_790:#originalStanceText=Yes of course
abortion/post_790:#originalTopic=Are_you_Pro_Choice
abortion/post_791:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_791:#originalStanceText=NO WAY
abortion/post_791:#originalTopic=Are_you_Pro_Choice
abortion/post_792:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_792:#originalStanceText=yes
abortion/post_792:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_793:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_793:#originalStanceText=yes
abortion/post_793:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_794:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_794:#originalStanceText=yes
abortion/post_794:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_795:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_795:#originalStanceText=yes
abortion/post_795:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_796:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_796:#originalStanceText=yes
abortion/post_796:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_797:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_797:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_797:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_798:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_798:#originalStanceText=yes
abortion/post_798:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_799:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_799:#originalStanceText=yes
abortion/post_799:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_8:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_8:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_8:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_80:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_80:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_80:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_800:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_800:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_800:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_801:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_801:#originalStanceText=yes
abortion/post_801:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_802:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_802:#originalStanceText=yes
abortion/post_802:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_803:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_803:#originalStanceText=yes
abortion/post_803:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_804:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_804:#originalStanceText=yes
abortion/post_804:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_805:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_805:#originalStanceText=yes
abortion/post_805:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_806:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_806:#originalStanceText=yes
abortion/post_806:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_807:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_807:#originalStanceText=yes
abortion/post_807:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_808:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_808:#originalStanceText=yes
abortion/post_808:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_809:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_809:#originalStanceText=yes
abortion/post_809:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_81:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_81:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_81:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_810:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_810:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_810:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_811:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_811:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_811:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_812:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_812:#originalStanceText=yes
abortion/post_812:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_813:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_813:#originalStanceText=yes
abortion/post_813:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_814:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_814:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_814:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_815:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_815:#originalStanceText=yes
abortion/post_815:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_816:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_816:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_816:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_817:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_817:#originalStanceText=yes
abortion/post_817:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_818:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_818:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_818:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_819:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_819:#originalStanceText=yes
abortion/post_819:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_82:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_82:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_82:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_820:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_820:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_820:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_821:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_821:#originalStanceText=yes
abortion/post_821:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_822:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_822:#originalStanceText=yes
abortion/post_822:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_823:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_823:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_823:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_824:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_824:#originalStanceText=yes
abortion/post_824:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_825:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_825:#originalStanceText=yes
abortion/post_825:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_826:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_826:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_826:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_827:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_827:#originalStanceText=yes
abortion/post_827:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_828:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_828:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_828:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_829:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_829:#originalStanceText=yes
abortion/post_829:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_83:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_83:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_83:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_830:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_830:#originalStanceText=yes
abortion/post_830:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_831:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_831:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_831:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_832:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_832:#originalStanceText=yes
abortion/post_832:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_833:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_833:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_833:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_834:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_834:#originalStanceText=yes
abortion/post_834:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_835:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_835:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_835:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_836:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_836:#originalStanceText=yes
abortion/post_836:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_837:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_837:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_837:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_838:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_838:#originalStanceText=yes
abortion/post_838:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_839:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_839:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_839:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_84:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_84:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_84:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_840:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_840:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_840:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_841:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_841:#originalStanceText=yes
abortion/post_841:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_842:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_842:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_842:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_843:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_843:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_843:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_844:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_844:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_844:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_845:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_845:#originalStanceText=yes
abortion/post_845:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_846:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_846:#originalStanceText=yes
abortion/post_846:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_847:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_847:#originalStanceText=yes
abortion/post_847:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_848:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_848:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_848:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_849:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_849:#originalStanceText=yes
abortion/post_849:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_85:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_85:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_85:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_850:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_850:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_850:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_851:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_851:#originalStanceText=yes
abortion/post_851:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_852:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_852:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_852:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_853:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_853:#originalStanceText=yes
abortion/post_853:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_854:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_854:#originalStanceText=yes
abortion/post_854:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_855:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_855:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_855:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_856:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_856:#originalStanceText=yes
abortion/post_856:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_857:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_857:#originalStanceText=yes
abortion/post_857:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_858:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_858:#originalStanceText=yes
abortion/post_858:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_859:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_859:#originalStanceText=yes
abortion/post_859:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_86:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_86:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_86:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_860:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_860:#originalStanceText=yes
abortion/post_860:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_861:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_861:#originalStanceText=yes
abortion/post_861:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_862:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_862:#originalStanceText=yes
abortion/post_862:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_863:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_863:#originalStanceText=yes
abortion/post_863:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_864:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_864:#originalStanceText=yes
abortion/post_864:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_865:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_865:#originalStanceText=yes
abortion/post_865:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_866:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_866:#originalStanceText=yes
abortion/post_866:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_867:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_867:#originalStanceText=yes
abortion/post_867:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_868:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_868:#originalStanceText=yes
abortion/post_868:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_869:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_869:#originalStanceText=yes
abortion/post_869:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_87:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_87:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_87:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_870:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_870:#originalStanceText=yes
abortion/post_870:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_871:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_871:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_871:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_872:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_872:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_872:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_873:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_873:#originalStanceText=yes
abortion/post_873:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_874:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_874:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_874:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_875:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_875:#originalStanceText=yes
abortion/post_875:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_876:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_876:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_876:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_877:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_877:#originalStanceText=yes
abortion/post_877:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_878:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_878:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_878:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_879:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_879:#originalStanceText=yes
abortion/post_879:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_88:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_88:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_88:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_880:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_880:#originalStanceText=yes
abortion/post_880:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_881:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_881:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_881:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_882:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_882:#originalStanceText=yes
abortion/post_882:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_883:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_883:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_883:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_884:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_884:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_884:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_885:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_885:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_885:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_886:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_886:#originalStanceText=yes
abortion/post_886:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_887:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_887:#originalStanceText=yes
abortion/post_887:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_888:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_888:#originalStanceText=yes
abortion/post_888:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_889:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_889:#originalStanceText=yes
abortion/post_889:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_89:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_89:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_89:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_890:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_890:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_890:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_891:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_891:#originalStanceText=yes
abortion/post_891:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_892:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_892:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_892:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_893:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_893:#originalStanceText=yes
abortion/post_893:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_894:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_894:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_894:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_895:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_895:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_895:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_896:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_896:#originalStanceText=yes
abortion/post_896:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_897:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_897:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_897:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_898:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_898:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_898:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_899:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_899:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_899:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_9:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_9:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_9:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_90:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_90:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_90:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_900:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_900:#originalStanceText=yes
abortion/post_900:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_901:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_901:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_901:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_902:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_902:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_902:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_903:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_903:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_903:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_904:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_904:#originalStanceText=yes
abortion/post_904:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_905:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_905:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_905:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_906:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_906:#originalStanceText=yes
abortion/post_906:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_907:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_907:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_907:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_908:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_908:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_908:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_909:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_909:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_909:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_91:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_91:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_91:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_910:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_910:#originalStanceText=yes
abortion/post_910:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_911:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_911:#originalStanceText=yes
abortion/post_911:#originalTopic=Should_late_term_abortions_be_legal
abortion/post_912:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_912:#originalStanceText=yes
abortion/post_912:#originalTopic=Should_late_term_abortions_be_legal
abortion/post_913:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_913:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_913:#originalTopic=Should_late_term_abortions_be_legal
abortion/post_914:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_914:#originalStanceText=yes
abortion/post_914:#originalTopic=Should_late_term_abortions_be_legal
abortion/post_915:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_915:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_915:#originalTopic=Should_late_term_abortions_be_legal
abortion/post_916:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_916:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_916:#originalTopic=Should_late_term_abortions_be_legal
abortion/post_917:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_917:#originalStanceText=yes
abortion/post_917:#originalTopic=Should_late_term_abortions_be_legal
abortion/post_918:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_918:#originalStanceText=yes
abortion/post_918:#originalTopic=Should_late_term_abortions_be_legal
abortion/post_919:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_919:#originalStanceText=yes
abortion/post_919:#originalTopic=Should_late_term_abortions_be_legal
abortion/post_92:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_92:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_92:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_920:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_920:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_920:#originalTopic=Should_late_term_abortions_be_legal
abortion/post_921:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_921:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_921:#originalTopic=Should_late_term_abortions_be_legal
abortion/post_922:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_922:#originalStanceText=yes
abortion/post_922:#originalTopic=Should_late_term_abortions_be_legal
abortion/post_923:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_923:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_923:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_924:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_924:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_924:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_925:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_925:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_925:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_926:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_926:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_926:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_927:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_927:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_927:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_928:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_928:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_928:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_929:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_929:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_929:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_93:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_93:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_93:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_930:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_930:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_930:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_931:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_931:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_931:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_932:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_932:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_932:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_933:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_933:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_933:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_934:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_934:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_934:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_935:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_935:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_935:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_936:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_936:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_936:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_937:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_937:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_937:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_938:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_938:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_938:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_939:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_939:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_939:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_94:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_94:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_94:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_940:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_940:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_940:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_941:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_941:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_941:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_942:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_942:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_942:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_943:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_943:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_943:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_944:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_944:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_944:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_945:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_945:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_945:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_946:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_946:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_946:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_947:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_947:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_947:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_948:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_948:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_948:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_949:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_949:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_949:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_95:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_95:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_95:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_950:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_950:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_950:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_951:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_951:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_951:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_952:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_952:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_952:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_953:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_953:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_953:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_954:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_954:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_954:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_955:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_955:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_955:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_956:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_956:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_956:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_957:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_957:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_957:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_958:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_958:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_958:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_959:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_959:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_959:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_96:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_96:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_96:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_960:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_960:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_960:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_961:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_961:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_961:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_962:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_962:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_962:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_963:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_963:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_963:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_964:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_964:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_964:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_965:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_965:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_965:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_966:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_966:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_966:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_967:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_967:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_967:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_968:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_968:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_968:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_969:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_969:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_969:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_97:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_97:#originalStanceText=Yes
abortion/post_97:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_970:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_970:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_970:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_971:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_971:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_971:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_972:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_972:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_972:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_973:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_973:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_973:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_974:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_974:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_974:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_975:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_975:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_975:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_976:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_976:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_976:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_977:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_977:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_977:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_978:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_978:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_978:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_979:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_979:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_979:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_98:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_98:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_98:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_980:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_980:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_980:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_981:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_981:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_981:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_982:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_982:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_982:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_983:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_983:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_983:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_984:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_984:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_984:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_985:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_985:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_985:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_986:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_986:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_986:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_987:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_987:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_987:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_988:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_988:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_988:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_989:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_989:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_989:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_99:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_99:#originalStanceText=No
abortion/post_99:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_990:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_990:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_990:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_991:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_991:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_991:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_992:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_992:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_992:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_993:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_993:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_993:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_994:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_994:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_994:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_995:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_995:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_995:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_996:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_996:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_996:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_997:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_997:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_997:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_998:#stance=stance2
abortion/post_998:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned
abortion/post_998:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_999:#stance=stance1
abortion/post_999:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned
abortion/post_999:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
