abortion/post_0:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_0:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_1:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_1:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_10:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_10:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_100:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_100:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_1000:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_1000:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1001:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_1001:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1002:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_1002:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1003:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_1003:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1004:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_1004:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1005:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_1005:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1006:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_1006:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1007:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_1007:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1008:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_1008:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1009:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_1009:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_101:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_101:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_1010:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_1010:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1011:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_1011:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1012:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_1012:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1013:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_1013:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1014:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_1014:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1015:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_1015:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1016:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_1016:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1017:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_1017:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1018:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_1018:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1019:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_1019:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_102:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_102:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_1020:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_1020:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1021:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_1021:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1022:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_1022:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1023:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_1023:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1024:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_1024:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1025:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_1025:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1026:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_1026:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1027:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_1027:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1028:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_1028:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1029:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_1029:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_103:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_103:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_1030:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_1030:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1031:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_1031:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1032:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_1032:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1033:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_1033:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1034:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_1034:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1035:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_1035:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1036:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_1036:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1037:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_1037:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1038:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_1038:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1039:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_1039:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_104:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_104:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_1040:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_1040:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1041:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_1041:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1042:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_1042:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1043:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_1043:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1044:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_1044:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1045:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_1045:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1046:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_1046:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1047:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_1047:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1048:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_1048:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1049:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_1049:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_105:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_105:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_1050:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_1050:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1051:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_1051:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1052:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_1052:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1053:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_1053:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1054:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_1054:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1055:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_1055:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1056:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_1056:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1057:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_1057:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1058:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_1058:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1059:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_1059:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_106:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_106:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_1060:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_1060:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1061:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_1061:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1062:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_1062:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1063:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_1063:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1064:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_1064:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1065:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_1065:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1066:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_1066:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1067:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_1067:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1068:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_1068:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1069:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_1069:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_107:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_107:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_1070:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_1070:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1071:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_1071:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1072:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_1072:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1073:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_1073:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1074:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_1074:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1075:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_1075:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1076:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_1076:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1077:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_1077:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1078:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_1078:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1079:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_1079:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_108:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_108:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_1080:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_1080:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1081:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_1081:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1082:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_1082:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1083:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_1083:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1084:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_1084:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1085:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_1085:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1086:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_1086:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1087:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_1087:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1088:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_1088:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1089:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_1089:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_109:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_109:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_1090:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_1090:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1091:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_1091:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1092:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_1092:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1093:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_1093:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1094:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_1094:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1095:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_1095:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1096:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_1096:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1097:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_1097:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1098:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_1098:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1099:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_1099:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_11:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_11:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_110:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_110:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_1100:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_1100:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1101:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_1101:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1102:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_1102:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1103:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_1103:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1104:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_1104:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1105:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_1105:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1106:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_1106:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1107:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_1107:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1108:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_1108:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1109:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_1109:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_111:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_111:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_1110:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_1110:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1111:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_1111:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1112:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_1112:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1113:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_1113:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1114:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_1114:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1115:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_1115:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1116:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_1116:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1117:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_1117:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1118:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_1118:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1119:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_1119:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_112:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_112:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_1120:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_1120:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1121:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_1121:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1122:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_1122:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1123:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_1123:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1124:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_1124:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1125:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_1125:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1126:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_1126:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1127:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_1127:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1128:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_1128:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1129:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_1129:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_113:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_113:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_1130:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_1130:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1131:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_1131:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1132:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_1132:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1133:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_1133:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1134:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_1134:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1135:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_1135:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1136:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_1136:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1137:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_1137:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1138:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_1138:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1139:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_1139:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_114:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_114:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_1140:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_1140:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1141:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_1141:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1142:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_1142:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1143:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_1143:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1144:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_1144:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1145:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_1145:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1146:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_1146:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1147:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_1147:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1148:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_1148:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_1149:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_1149:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_115:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_115:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_1150:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_1150:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_116:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_116:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_117:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_117:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_118:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_118:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_119:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_119:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_12:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_12:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_120:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_120:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_121:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_121:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_122:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_122:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_123:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_123:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_124:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_124:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_125:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_125:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_126:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_126:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_127:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_127:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_128:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_128:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_129:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_129:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_13:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_13:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_130:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_130:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_131:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_131:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_132:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_132:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_133:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_133:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_134:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_134:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_135:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_135:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_136:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_136:#originalTopic=Debate:_Partial-birth_abortion
abortion/post_137:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_137:#originalTopic=Debate:_Partial-birth_abortion
abortion/post_138:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_138:#originalTopic=Debate:_Partial-birth_abortion
abortion/post_139:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_139:#originalTopic=Debate:_Partial-birth_abortion
abortion/post_14:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_14:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_140:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_140:#originalTopic=Debate:_Partial-birth_abortion
abortion/post_141:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_141:#originalTopic=Debate:_Partial-birth_abortion
abortion/post_142:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_142:#originalTopic=Debate:_Partial-birth_abortion
abortion/post_143:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_143:#originalTopic=Debate:_Partial-birth_abortion
abortion/post_144:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_144:#originalTopic=Debate:_Partial-birth_abortion
abortion/post_145:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_145:#originalTopic=Debate:_Partial-birth_abortion
abortion/post_146:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_146:#originalTopic=Debate:_Partial-birth_abortion
abortion/post_147:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_147:#originalTopic=Debate:_Partial-birth_abortion
abortion/post_148:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_148:#originalTopic=Debate:_Partial-birth_abortion
abortion/post_149:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_149:#originalTopic=Debate:_Partial-birth_abortion
abortion/post_15:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_15:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_150:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_150:#originalTopic=Debate:_Partial-birth_abortion
abortion/post_151:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_151:#originalTopic=Debate:_Partial-birth_abortion
abortion/post_152:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_152:#originalTopic=Debate:_Partial-birth_abortion
abortion/post_153:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_153:#originalTopic=Debate:_Partial-birth_abortion
abortion/post_154:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_154:#originalTopic=Debate:_Partial-birth_abortion
abortion/post_155:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_155:#originalTopic=Debate:_Partial-birth_abortion
abortion/post_156:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_156:#originalTopic=Debate:_Partial-birth_abortion
abortion/post_157:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_157:#originalTopic=Debate:_Partial-birth_abortion
abortion/post_158:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_158:#originalTopic=Debate:_Partial-birth_abortion
abortion/post_159:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_159:#originalTopic=Debate:_Partial-birth_abortion
abortion/post_16:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_16:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_160:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_160:#originalTopic=Debate:_Partial-birth_abortion
abortion/post_161:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_161:#originalTopic=Debate:_Partial-birth_abortion
abortion/post_162:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_162:#originalTopic=Debate:_Partial-birth_abortion
abortion/post_163:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_163:#originalTopic=Debate:_Partial-birth_abortion
abortion/post_164:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_164:#originalTopic=Debate:_Partial-birth_abortion
abortion/post_165:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_165:#originalTopic=Debate:_Partial-birth_abortion
abortion/post_166:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_166:#originalTopic=Debate:_Partial-birth_abortion
abortion/post_167:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_167:#originalTopic=Debate:_Partial-birth_abortion
abortion/post_168:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_168:#originalTopic=Debate:_Partial-birth_abortion
abortion/post_169:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_169:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_17:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_17:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_170:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_170:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_171:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_171:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_172:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_172:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_173:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_173:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_174:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_174:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_175:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_175:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_176:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_176:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_177:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_177:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_178:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_178:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_179:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_179:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_18:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_18:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_180:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_180:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_181:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_181:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_182:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_182:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_183:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_183:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_184:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_184:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_185:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_185:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_186:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_186:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_187:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_187:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_188:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_188:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_189:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_189:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_19:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_19:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_190:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_190:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_191:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_191:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_192:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_192:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_193:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_193:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_194:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_194:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_195:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_195:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_196:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_196:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_197:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_197:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_198:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_198:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_199:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_199:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_2:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_2:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_20:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_20:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_200:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_200:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_201:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_201:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_202:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_202:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_203:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_203:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_204:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_204:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_205:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_205:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_206:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_206:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_207:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_207:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_208:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_208:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_209:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_209:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_21:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_21:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_210:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_210:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_211:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_211:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_212:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_212:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_213:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_213:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_214:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_214:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_215:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_215:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_216:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_216:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_217:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_217:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_218:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_218:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_219:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_219:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_22:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_22:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_220:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_220:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_221:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_221:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_222:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_222:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_223:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_223:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_224:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_224:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_225:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_225:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_226:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_226:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_227:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_227:#originalTopic=can-catholics-vote-for-pro-choice-politicians
abortion/post_228:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_228:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_229:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_229:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_23:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_23:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_230:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_230:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_231:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_231:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_232:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_232:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_233:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_233:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_234:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_234:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_235:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_235:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_236:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_236:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_237:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_237:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_238:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_238:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_239:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_239:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_24:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_24:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_240:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_240:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_241:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_241:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_242:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_242:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_243:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_243:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_244:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_244:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_245:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_245:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_246:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_246:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_247:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_247:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_248:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_248:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_249:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_249:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_25:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_25:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_250:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_250:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_251:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_251:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_252:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_252:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_253:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_253:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_254:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_254:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_255:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_255:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_256:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_256:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_257:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_257:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_258:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_258:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_259:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_259:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_26:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_26:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_260:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_260:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_261:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_261:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_262:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_262:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_263:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_263:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_264:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_264:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_265:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_265:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_266:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_266:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_267:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_267:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_268:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_268:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_269:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_269:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_27:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_27:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_270:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_270:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_271:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_271:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_272:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_272:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_273:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_273:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_274:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_274:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_275:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_275:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_276:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_276:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_277:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_277:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_278:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_278:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_279:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_279:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_28:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_28:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_280:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_280:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_281:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_281:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_282:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_282:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_283:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_283:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_284:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_284:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_285:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_285:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_286:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_286:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_287:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_287:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_288:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_288:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_289:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_289:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_29:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_29:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_290:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_290:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_291:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_291:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_292:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_292:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_293:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_293:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_294:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_294:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_295:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_295:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_296:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_296:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_297:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_297:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_298:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_298:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_299:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_299:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_3:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_3:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_30:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_30:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_300:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_300:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_301:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_301:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_302:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_302:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_303:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_303:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_304:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_304:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_305:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_305:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_306:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_306:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_307:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_307:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_308:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_308:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_309:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_309:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_31:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_31:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_310:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_310:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_311:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_311:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_312:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_312:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_313:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_313:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_314:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_314:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_315:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_315:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_316:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_316:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_317:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_317:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_318:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_318:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_319:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_319:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_32:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_32:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_320:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_320:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_321:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_321:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_322:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_322:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_323:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_323:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_324:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_324:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_325:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_325:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_326:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_326:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_327:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_327:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_328:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_328:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_329:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_329:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_33:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_33:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_330:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_330:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_331:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_331:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_332:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_332:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_333:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_333:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_334:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_334:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_335:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_335:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_336:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_336:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_337:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_337:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_338:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_338:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_339:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_339:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_34:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_34:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_340:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_340:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_341:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_341:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_342:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_342:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_343:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_343:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_344:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_344:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_345:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_345:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_346:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_346:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_347:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_347:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_348:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_348:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_349:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_349:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_35:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_35:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_350:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_350:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_351:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_351:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_352:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_352:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_353:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_353:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_354:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_354:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_355:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_355:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_356:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_356:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_357:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_357:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_358:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_358:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_359:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_359:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_36:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_36:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_360:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_360:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_361:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_361:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_362:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_362:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_363:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_363:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_364:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_364:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_365:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_365:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_366:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_366:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_367:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_367:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_368:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_368:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_369:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_369:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_37:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_37:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_370:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_370:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_371:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_371:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_372:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_372:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_373:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_373:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_374:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_374:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_375:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_375:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_376:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_376:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_377:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_377:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_378:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_378:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_379:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_379:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_38:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_38:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_380:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_380:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_381:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_381:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_382:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_382:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_383:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_383:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_384:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_384:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_385:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_385:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_386:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_386:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_387:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_387:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_388:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_388:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_389:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_389:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_39:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_39:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_390:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_390:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_391:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_391:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_392:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_392:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_393:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_393:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_394:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_394:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_395:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_395:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_396:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_396:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_397:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_397:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_398:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_398:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_399:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_399:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_4:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_4:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_40:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_40:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_400:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_400:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_401:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_401:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_402:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_402:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_403:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_403:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_404:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_404:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_405:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_405:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_406:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_406:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_407:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_407:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_408:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_408:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_409:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_409:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_41:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_41:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_410:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_410:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_411:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_411:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_412:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_412:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_413:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_413:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_414:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_414:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_415:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_415:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_416:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_416:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_417:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_417:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_418:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_418:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_419:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_419:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_42:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_42:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_420:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_420:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_421:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_421:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_422:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_422:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_423:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_423:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_424:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_424:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_425:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_425:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_426:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_426:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_427:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_427:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_428:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_428:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_429:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_429:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_43:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_43:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_430:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_430:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_431:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_431:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_432:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_432:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_433:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_433:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_434:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_434:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_435:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_435:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_436:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_436:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_437:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_437:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_438:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_438:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_439:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_439:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_44:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_44:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_440:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_440:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_441:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_441:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_442:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_442:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_443:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_443:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_444:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_444:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_445:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_445:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_446:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_446:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_447:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_447:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_448:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_448:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_449:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_449:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_45:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_45:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_450:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_450:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_451:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_451:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_452:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_452:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_453:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_453:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_454:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_454:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_455:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_455:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_456:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_456:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_457:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_457:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_458:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_458:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_459:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_459:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_46:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_46:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_460:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_460:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_461:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_461:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_462:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_462:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_463:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_463:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_464:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_464:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_465:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_465:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_466:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_466:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_467:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_467:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_468:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_468:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_469:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_469:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_47:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_47:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_470:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_470:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_471:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_471:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_472:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_472:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_473:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_473:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_474:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_474:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_475:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_475:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_476:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_476:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_477:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_477:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_478:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_478:#originalTopic=should-abortion-be-legal
abortion/post_479:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_479:#originalTopic=should-obama-have-reversed-us-abortion-policy
abortion/post_48:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_48:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_480:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_480:#originalTopic=should-obama-have-reversed-us-abortion-policy
abortion/post_481:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_481:#originalTopic=should-obama-have-reversed-us-abortion-policy
abortion/post_482:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_482:#originalTopic=should-obama-have-reversed-us-abortion-policy
abortion/post_483:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_483:#originalTopic=should-obama-have-reversed-us-abortion-policy
abortion/post_484:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_484:#originalTopic=should-obama-have-reversed-us-abortion-policy
abortion/post_485:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_485:#originalTopic=should-obama-have-reversed-us-abortion-policy
abortion/post_486:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_486:#originalTopic=should-obama-have-reversed-us-abortion-policy
abortion/post_487:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_487:#originalTopic=should-obama-have-reversed-us-abortion-policy
abortion/post_488:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_488:#originalTopic=should-obama-have-reversed-us-abortion-policy
abortion/post_489:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_489:#originalTopic=should-obama-have-reversed-us-abortion-policy
abortion/post_49:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_49:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_490:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_490:#originalTopic=should-obama-have-reversed-us-abortion-policy
abortion/post_491:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_491:#originalTopic=should-obama-have-reversed-us-abortion-policy
abortion/post_492:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_492:#originalTopic=should-obama-have-reversed-us-abortion-policy
abortion/post_493:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_493:#originalTopic=should-obama-have-reversed-us-abortion-policy
abortion/post_494:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_494:#originalTopic=should-obama-have-reversed-us-abortion-policy
abortion/post_495:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_495:#originalTopic=should-obama-have-reversed-us-abortion-policy
abortion/post_496:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_496:#originalTopic=should-obama-have-reversed-us-abortion-policy
abortion/post_497:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_497:#originalTopic=should-obama-have-reversed-us-abortion-policy
abortion/post_498:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_498:#originalTopic=should-obama-have-reversed-us-abortion-policy
abortion/post_499:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_499:#originalTopic=should-obama-have-reversed-us-abortion-policy
abortion/post_5:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_5:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_50:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_50:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_500:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_500:#originalTopic=should-obama-have-reversed-us-abortion-policy
abortion/post_501:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_501:#originalTopic=should-obama-have-reversed-us-abortion-policy
abortion/post_502:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_502:#originalTopic=should-obama-have-reversed-us-abortion-policy
abortion/post_503:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_503:#originalTopic=should-obama-have-reversed-us-abortion-policy
abortion/post_504:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_504:#originalTopic=should-obama-have-reversed-us-abortion-policy
abortion/post_505:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_505:#originalTopic=should-obama-have-reversed-us-abortion-policy
abortion/post_506:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_506:#originalTopic=should-obama-have-reversed-us-abortion-policy
abortion/post_507:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_507:#originalTopic=should-obama-have-reversed-us-abortion-policy
abortion/post_508:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_508:#originalTopic=should-obama-have-reversed-us-abortion-policy
abortion/post_509:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_509:#originalTopic=should-obama-have-reversed-us-abortion-policy
abortion/post_51:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_51:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_510:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_510:#originalTopic=should-obama-have-reversed-us-abortion-policy
abortion/post_511:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_511:#originalTopic=should-obama-have-reversed-us-abortion-policy
abortion/post_512:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_512:#originalTopic=should-obama-have-reversed-us-abortion-policy
abortion/post_513:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_513:#originalTopic=should-obama-have-reversed-us-abortion-policy
abortion/post_514:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_514:#originalTopic=should-obama-have-reversed-us-abortion-policy
abortion/post_515:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_515:#originalTopic=should-obama-have-reversed-us-abortion-policy
abortion/post_516:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_516:#originalTopic=should-obama-have-reversed-us-abortion-policy
abortion/post_517:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_517:#originalTopic=should-obama-have-reversed-us-abortion-policy
abortion/post_518:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_518:#originalTopic=should-south-dakota-pass-the-abortion-ban
abortion/post_519:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_519:#originalTopic=should-south-dakota-pass-the-abortion-ban
abortion/post_52:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_52:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_520:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_520:#originalTopic=should-south-dakota-pass-the-abortion-ban
abortion/post_521:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_521:#originalTopic=should-south-dakota-pass-the-abortion-ban
abortion/post_522:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_522:#originalTopic=should-south-dakota-pass-the-abortion-ban
abortion/post_523:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_523:#originalTopic=should-south-dakota-pass-the-abortion-ban
abortion/post_524:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_524:#originalTopic=should-south-dakota-pass-the-abortion-ban
abortion/post_525:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_525:#originalTopic=should-south-dakota-pass-the-abortion-ban
abortion/post_526:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_526:#originalTopic=should-south-dakota-pass-the-abortion-ban
abortion/post_527:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_527:#originalTopic=should-south-dakota-pass-the-abortion-ban
abortion/post_528:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_528:#originalTopic=should-south-dakota-pass-the-abortion-ban
abortion/post_529:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_529:#originalTopic=should-south-dakota-pass-the-abortion-ban
abortion/post_53:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_53:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_530:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_530:#originalTopic=should-south-dakota-pass-the-abortion-ban
abortion/post_531:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_531:#originalTopic=should-south-dakota-pass-the-abortion-ban
abortion/post_532:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_532:#originalTopic=should-south-dakota-pass-the-abortion-ban
abortion/post_533:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_533:#originalTopic=should-south-dakota-pass-the-abortion-ban
abortion/post_534:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_534:#originalTopic=should-south-dakota-pass-the-abortion-ban
abortion/post_535:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_535:#originalTopic=should-south-dakota-pass-the-abortion-ban
abortion/post_536:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_536:#originalTopic=should-south-dakota-pass-the-abortion-ban
abortion/post_537:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_537:#originalTopic=should-south-dakota-pass-the-abortion-ban
abortion/post_538:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_538:#originalTopic=should-south-dakota-pass-the-abortion-ban
abortion/post_539:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_539:#originalTopic=should-south-dakota-pass-the-abortion-ban
abortion/post_54:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_54:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_540:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_540:#originalTopic=should-south-dakota-pass-the-abortion-ban
abortion/post_541:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_541:#originalTopic=should-south-dakota-pass-the-abortion-ban
abortion/post_542:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_542:#originalTopic=should-south-dakota-pass-the-abortion-ban
abortion/post_543:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_543:#originalTopic=should-south-dakota-pass-the-abortion-ban
abortion/post_544:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_544:#originalTopic=should-south-dakota-pass-the-abortion-ban
abortion/post_545:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_545:#originalTopic=should-south-dakota-pass-the-abortion-ban
abortion/post_546:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_546:#originalTopic=should-south-dakota-pass-the-abortion-ban
abortion/post_547:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_547:#originalTopic=should-south-dakota-pass-the-abortion-ban
abortion/post_548:#originalStanceText=After Conception	abortion/post_548:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_549:#originalStanceText=After Conception	abortion/post_549:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_55:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_55:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_550:#originalStanceText=After Conception	abortion/post_550:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_551:#originalStanceText=At Conception	abortion/post_551:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_552:#originalStanceText=At Conception	abortion/post_552:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_553:#originalStanceText=After Conception	abortion/post_553:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_554:#originalStanceText=After Conception	abortion/post_554:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_555:#originalStanceText=At Conception	abortion/post_555:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_556:#originalStanceText=After Conception	abortion/post_556:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_557:#originalStanceText=After Conception	abortion/post_557:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_558:#originalStanceText=After Conception	abortion/post_558:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_559:#originalStanceText=At Conception	abortion/post_559:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_56:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_56:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_560:#originalStanceText=At Conception	abortion/post_560:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_561:#originalStanceText=After Conception	abortion/post_561:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_562:#originalStanceText=At Conception	abortion/post_562:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_563:#originalStanceText=After Conception	abortion/post_563:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_564:#originalStanceText=After Conception	abortion/post_564:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_565:#originalStanceText=After Conception	abortion/post_565:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_566:#originalStanceText=After Conception	abortion/post_566:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_567:#originalStanceText=After Conception	abortion/post_567:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_568:#originalStanceText=After Conception	abortion/post_568:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_569:#originalStanceText=At Conception	abortion/post_569:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_57:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_57:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_570:#originalStanceText=At Conception	abortion/post_570:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_571:#originalStanceText=At Conception	abortion/post_571:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_572:#originalStanceText=After Conception	abortion/post_572:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_573:#originalStanceText=After Conception	abortion/post_573:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_574:#originalStanceText=After Conception	abortion/post_574:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_575:#originalStanceText=After Conception	abortion/post_575:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_576:#originalStanceText=After Conception	abortion/post_576:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_577:#originalStanceText=At Conception	abortion/post_577:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_578:#originalStanceText=At Conception	abortion/post_578:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_579:#originalStanceText=After Conception	abortion/post_579:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_58:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_58:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_580:#originalStanceText=At Conception	abortion/post_580:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_581:#originalStanceText=After Conception	abortion/post_581:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_582:#originalStanceText=At Conception	abortion/post_582:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_583:#originalStanceText=After Conception	abortion/post_583:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_584:#originalStanceText=At Conception	abortion/post_584:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_585:#originalStanceText=At Conception	abortion/post_585:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_586:#originalStanceText=After Conception	abortion/post_586:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_587:#originalStanceText=At Conception	abortion/post_587:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_588:#originalStanceText=After Conception	abortion/post_588:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_589:#originalStanceText=After Conception	abortion/post_589:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_59:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_59:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_590:#originalStanceText=At Conception	abortion/post_590:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_591:#originalStanceText=After Conception	abortion/post_591:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_592:#originalStanceText=At Conception	abortion/post_592:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_593:#originalStanceText=At Conception	abortion/post_593:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_594:#originalStanceText=At Conception	abortion/post_594:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_595:#originalStanceText=At Conception	abortion/post_595:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_596:#originalStanceText=At Conception	abortion/post_596:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_597:#originalStanceText=At Conception	abortion/post_597:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_598:#originalStanceText=After Conception	abortion/post_598:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_599:#originalStanceText=At Conception	abortion/post_599:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_6:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_6:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_60:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_60:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_600:#originalStanceText=After Conception	abortion/post_600:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_601:#originalStanceText=After Conception	abortion/post_601:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_602:#originalStanceText=At Conception	abortion/post_602:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_603:#originalStanceText=After Conception	abortion/post_603:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_604:#originalStanceText=At Conception	abortion/post_604:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_605:#originalStanceText=After Conception	abortion/post_605:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_606:#originalStanceText=At Conception	abortion/post_606:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_607:#originalStanceText=After Conception	abortion/post_607:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_608:#originalStanceText=At Conception	abortion/post_608:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_609:#originalStanceText=At Conception	abortion/post_609:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_61:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_61:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_610:#originalStanceText=At Conception	abortion/post_610:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_611:#originalStanceText=At Conception	abortion/post_611:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_612:#originalStanceText=After Conception	abortion/post_612:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_613:#originalStanceText=At Conception	abortion/post_613:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_614:#originalStanceText=After Conception	abortion/post_614:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_615:#originalStanceText=At Conception	abortion/post_615:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_616:#originalStanceText=After Conception	abortion/post_616:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_617:#originalStanceText=At Conception	abortion/post_617:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_618:#originalStanceText=At Conception	abortion/post_618:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_619:#originalStanceText=At Conception	abortion/post_619:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_62:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_62:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_620:#originalStanceText=At Conception	abortion/post_620:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_621:#originalStanceText=After Conception	abortion/post_621:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_622:#originalStanceText=At Conception	abortion/post_622:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_623:#originalStanceText=After Conception	abortion/post_623:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_624:#originalStanceText=At Conception	abortion/post_624:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_625:#originalStanceText=At Conception	abortion/post_625:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_626:#originalStanceText=After Conception	abortion/post_626:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_627:#originalStanceText=At Conception	abortion/post_627:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_628:#originalStanceText=After Conception	abortion/post_628:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_629:#originalStanceText=After Conception	abortion/post_629:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_63:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_63:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_630:#originalStanceText=After Conception	abortion/post_630:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_631:#originalStanceText=After Conception	abortion/post_631:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_632:#originalStanceText=At Conception	abortion/post_632:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_633:#originalStanceText=At Conception	abortion/post_633:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_634:#originalStanceText=After Conception	abortion/post_634:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_635:#originalStanceText=At Conception	abortion/post_635:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_636:#originalStanceText=At Conception	abortion/post_636:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_637:#originalStanceText=At Conception	abortion/post_637:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_638:#originalStanceText=At Conception	abortion/post_638:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_639:#originalStanceText=At Conception	abortion/post_639:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_64:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_64:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_640:#originalStanceText=After Conception	abortion/post_640:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_641:#originalStanceText=At Conception	abortion/post_641:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_642:#originalStanceText=After Conception	abortion/post_642:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_643:#originalStanceText=At Conception	abortion/post_643:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_644:#originalStanceText=After Conception	abortion/post_644:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_645:#originalStanceText=At Conception	abortion/post_645:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_646:#originalStanceText=After Conception	abortion/post_646:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_647:#originalStanceText=At Conception	abortion/post_647:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_648:#originalStanceText=After Conception	abortion/post_648:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_649:#originalStanceText=At Conception	abortion/post_649:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_65:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_65:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_650:#originalStanceText=After Conception	abortion/post_650:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_651:#originalStanceText=At Conception	abortion/post_651:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_652:#originalStanceText=After Conception	abortion/post_652:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_653:#originalStanceText=At Conception	abortion/post_653:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_654:#originalStanceText=At Conception	abortion/post_654:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_655:#originalStanceText=At Conception	abortion/post_655:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_656:#originalStanceText=After Conception	abortion/post_656:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_657:#originalStanceText=At Conception	abortion/post_657:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_658:#originalStanceText=At Conception	abortion/post_658:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_659:#originalStanceText=At Conception	abortion/post_659:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_66:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_66:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_660:#originalStanceText=After Conception	abortion/post_660:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_661:#originalStanceText=At Conception	abortion/post_661:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_662:#originalStanceText=After Conception	abortion/post_662:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_663:#originalStanceText=At Conception	abortion/post_663:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_664:#originalStanceText=At Conception	abortion/post_664:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_665:#originalStanceText=After Conception	abortion/post_665:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_666:#originalStanceText=At Conception	abortion/post_666:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_667:#originalStanceText=After Conception	abortion/post_667:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_668:#originalStanceText=After Conception	abortion/post_668:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_669:#originalStanceText=After Conception	abortion/post_669:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_67:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_67:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_670:#originalStanceText=After Conception	abortion/post_670:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_671:#originalStanceText=After Conception	abortion/post_671:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_672:#originalStanceText=After Conception	abortion/post_672:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_673:#originalStanceText=At Conception	abortion/post_673:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_674:#originalStanceText=After Conception	abortion/post_674:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_675:#originalStanceText=At Conception	abortion/post_675:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_676:#originalStanceText=After Conception	abortion/post_676:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_677:#originalStanceText=After Conception	abortion/post_677:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_678:#originalStanceText=After Conception	abortion/post_678:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_679:#originalStanceText=After Conception	abortion/post_679:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_68:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_68:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_680:#originalStanceText=At Conception	abortion/post_680:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_681:#originalStanceText=At Conception	abortion/post_681:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_682:#originalStanceText=After Conception	abortion/post_682:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_683:#originalStanceText=At Conception	abortion/post_683:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_684:#originalStanceText=After Conception	abortion/post_684:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_685:#originalStanceText=At Conception	abortion/post_685:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_686:#originalStanceText=At Conception	abortion/post_686:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_687:#originalStanceText=At Conception	abortion/post_687:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_688:#originalStanceText=After Conception	abortion/post_688:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_689:#originalStanceText=After Conception	abortion/post_689:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_69:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_69:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_690:#originalStanceText=After Conception	abortion/post_690:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_691:#originalStanceText=After Conception	abortion/post_691:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_692:#originalStanceText=At Conception	abortion/post_692:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_693:#originalStanceText=After Conception	abortion/post_693:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_694:#originalStanceText=After Conception	abortion/post_694:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_695:#originalStanceText=At Conception	abortion/post_695:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_696:#originalStanceText=After Conception	abortion/post_696:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_697:#originalStanceText=At Conception	abortion/post_697:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_698:#originalStanceText=After Conception	abortion/post_698:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_699:#originalStanceText=After Conception	abortion/post_699:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_7:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_7:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_70:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_70:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_700:#originalStanceText=After Conception	abortion/post_700:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_701:#originalStanceText=After Conception	abortion/post_701:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_702:#originalStanceText=After Conception	abortion/post_702:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_703:#originalStanceText=At Conception	abortion/post_703:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_704:#originalStanceText=After Conception	abortion/post_704:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_705:#originalStanceText=After Conception	abortion/post_705:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_706:#originalStanceText=After Conception	abortion/post_706:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_707:#originalStanceText=At Conception	abortion/post_707:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_708:#originalStanceText=After Conception	abortion/post_708:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_709:#originalStanceText=At Conception	abortion/post_709:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_71:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_71:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_710:#originalStanceText=After Conception	abortion/post_710:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_711:#originalStanceText=At Conception	abortion/post_711:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_712:#originalStanceText=At Conception	abortion/post_712:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_713:#originalStanceText=After Conception	abortion/post_713:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_714:#originalStanceText=At Conception	abortion/post_714:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_715:#originalStanceText=After Conception	abortion/post_715:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_716:#originalStanceText=At Conception	abortion/post_716:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_717:#originalStanceText=After Conception	abortion/post_717:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_718:#originalStanceText=At Conception	abortion/post_718:#originalTopic=when-does-life-begin
abortion/post_719:#originalStanceText=Yes it should be	abortion/post_719:#originalTopic=Abortion_Should_Be_Banned
abortion/post_72:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_72:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_720:#originalStanceText=no it should not	abortion/post_720:#originalTopic=Abortion_Should_Be_Banned
abortion/post_721:#originalStanceText=Yes it should be	abortion/post_721:#originalTopic=Abortion_Should_Be_Banned
abortion/post_722:#originalStanceText=Yes it should be	abortion/post_722:#originalTopic=Abortion_Should_Be_Banned
abortion/post_723:#originalStanceText=no it should not	abortion/post_723:#originalTopic=Abortion_Should_Be_Banned
abortion/post_724:#originalStanceText=Yes it should be	abortion/post_724:#originalTopic=Abortion_Should_Be_Banned
abortion/post_725:#originalStanceText=no it should not	abortion/post_725:#originalTopic=Abortion_Should_Be_Banned
abortion/post_726:#originalStanceText=no it should not	abortion/post_726:#originalTopic=Abortion_Should_Be_Banned
abortion/post_727:#originalStanceText=no it should not	abortion/post_727:#originalTopic=Abortion_Should_Be_Banned
abortion/post_728:#originalStanceText=Yes it should be	abortion/post_728:#originalTopic=Abortion_Should_Be_Banned
abortion/post_729:#originalStanceText=no it should not	abortion/post_729:#originalTopic=Abortion_Should_Be_Banned
abortion/post_73:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_73:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_730:#originalStanceText=Yes it should be	abortion/post_730:#originalTopic=Abortion_Should_Be_Banned
abortion/post_731:#originalStanceText=no it should not	abortion/post_731:#originalTopic=Abortion_Should_Be_Banned
abortion/post_732:#originalStanceText=Yes it should be	abortion/post_732:#originalTopic=Abortion_Should_Be_Banned
abortion/post_733:#originalStanceText=Yes it should be	abortion/post_733:#originalTopic=Abortion_Should_Be_Banned
abortion/post_734:#originalStanceText=no it should not	abortion/post_734:#originalTopic=Abortion_Should_Be_Banned
abortion/post_735:#originalStanceText=no it should not	abortion/post_735:#originalTopic=Abortion_Should_Be_Banned
abortion/post_736:#originalStanceText=no it should not	abortion/post_736:#originalTopic=Abortion_Should_Be_Banned
abortion/post_737:#originalStanceText=Yes it should be	abortion/post_737:#originalTopic=Abortion_Should_Be_Banned
abortion/post_738:#originalStanceText=no it should not	abortion/post_738:#originalTopic=Abortion_Should_Be_Banned
abortion/post_739:#originalStanceText=Yes it should be	abortion/post_739:#originalTopic=Abortion_Should_Be_Banned
abortion/post_74:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_74:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_740:#originalStanceText=no it should not	abortion/post_740:#originalTopic=Abortion_Should_Be_Banned
abortion/post_741:#originalStanceText=Yes it should be	abortion/post_741:#originalTopic=Abortion_Should_Be_Banned
abortion/post_742:#originalStanceText=no it should not	abortion/post_742:#originalTopic=Abortion_Should_Be_Banned
abortion/post_743:#originalStanceText=Yes it should be	abortion/post_743:#originalTopic=Abortion_Should_Be_Banned
abortion/post_744:#originalStanceText=no it should not	abortion/post_744:#originalTopic=Abortion_Should_Be_Banned
abortion/post_745:#originalStanceText=Yes it should be	abortion/post_745:#originalTopic=Abortion_Should_Be_Banned
abortion/post_746:#originalStanceText=Yes it should be	abortion/post_746:#originalTopic=Abortion_Should_Be_Banned
abortion/post_747:#originalStanceText=no it should not	abortion/post_747:#originalTopic=Abortion_Should_Be_Banned
abortion/post_748:#originalStanceText=no it should not	abortion/post_748:#originalTopic=Abortion_Should_Be_Banned
abortion/post_749:#originalStanceText=no it should not	abortion/post_749:#originalTopic=Abortion_Should_Be_Banned
abortion/post_75:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_75:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_750:#originalStanceText=Yes of course	abortion/post_750:#originalTopic=Are_you_Pro_Choice
abortion/post_751:#originalStanceText=Yes of course	abortion/post_751:#originalTopic=Are_you_Pro_Choice
abortion/post_752:#originalStanceText=Yes of course	abortion/post_752:#originalTopic=Are_you_Pro_Choice
abortion/post_753:#originalStanceText=Yes of course	abortion/post_753:#originalTopic=Are_you_Pro_Choice
abortion/post_754:#originalStanceText=NO WAY	abortion/post_754:#originalTopic=Are_you_Pro_Choice
abortion/post_755:#originalStanceText=Yes of course	abortion/post_755:#originalTopic=Are_you_Pro_Choice
abortion/post_756:#originalStanceText=NO WAY	abortion/post_756:#originalTopic=Are_you_Pro_Choice
abortion/post_757:#originalStanceText=Yes of course	abortion/post_757:#originalTopic=Are_you_Pro_Choice
abortion/post_758:#originalStanceText=NO WAY	abortion/post_758:#originalTopic=Are_you_Pro_Choice
abortion/post_759:#originalStanceText=Yes of course	abortion/post_759:#originalTopic=Are_you_Pro_Choice
abortion/post_76:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_76:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_760:#originalStanceText=NO WAY	abortion/post_760:#originalTopic=Are_you_Pro_Choice
abortion/post_761:#originalStanceText=Yes of course	abortion/post_761:#originalTopic=Are_you_Pro_Choice
abortion/post_762:#originalStanceText=Yes of course	abortion/post_762:#originalTopic=Are_you_Pro_Choice
abortion/post_763:#originalStanceText=NO WAY	abortion/post_763:#originalTopic=Are_you_Pro_Choice
abortion/post_764:#originalStanceText=Yes of course	abortion/post_764:#originalTopic=Are_you_Pro_Choice
abortion/post_765:#originalStanceText=NO WAY	abortion/post_765:#originalTopic=Are_you_Pro_Choice
abortion/post_766:#originalStanceText=Yes of course	abortion/post_766:#originalTopic=Are_you_Pro_Choice
abortion/post_767:#originalStanceText=NO WAY	abortion/post_767:#originalTopic=Are_you_Pro_Choice
abortion/post_768:#originalStanceText=Yes of course	abortion/post_768:#originalTopic=Are_you_Pro_Choice
abortion/post_769:#originalStanceText=NO WAY	abortion/post_769:#originalTopic=Are_you_Pro_Choice
abortion/post_77:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_77:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_770:#originalStanceText=Yes of course	abortion/post_770:#originalTopic=Are_you_Pro_Choice
abortion/post_771:#originalStanceText=NO WAY	abortion/post_771:#originalTopic=Are_you_Pro_Choice
abortion/post_772:#originalStanceText=Yes of course	abortion/post_772:#originalTopic=Are_you_Pro_Choice
abortion/post_773:#originalStanceText=Yes of course	abortion/post_773:#originalTopic=Are_you_Pro_Choice
abortion/post_774:#originalStanceText=NO WAY	abortion/post_774:#originalTopic=Are_you_Pro_Choice
abortion/post_775:#originalStanceText=NO WAY	abortion/post_775:#originalTopic=Are_you_Pro_Choice
abortion/post_776:#originalStanceText=NO WAY	abortion/post_776:#originalTopic=Are_you_Pro_Choice
abortion/post_777:#originalStanceText=NO WAY	abortion/post_777:#originalTopic=Are_you_Pro_Choice
abortion/post_778:#originalStanceText=NO WAY	abortion/post_778:#originalTopic=Are_you_Pro_Choice
abortion/post_779:#originalStanceText=NO WAY	abortion/post_779:#originalTopic=Are_you_Pro_Choice
abortion/post_78:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_78:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_780:#originalStanceText=Yes of course	abortion/post_780:#originalTopic=Are_you_Pro_Choice
abortion/post_781:#originalStanceText=NO WAY	abortion/post_781:#originalTopic=Are_you_Pro_Choice
abortion/post_782:#originalStanceText=Yes of course	abortion/post_782:#originalTopic=Are_you_Pro_Choice
abortion/post_783:#originalStanceText=Yes of course	abortion/post_783:#originalTopic=Are_you_Pro_Choice
abortion/post_784:#originalStanceText=Yes of course	abortion/post_784:#originalTopic=Are_you_Pro_Choice
abortion/post_785:#originalStanceText=Yes of course	abortion/post_785:#originalTopic=Are_you_Pro_Choice
abortion/post_786:#originalStanceText=NO WAY	abortion/post_786:#originalTopic=Are_you_Pro_Choice
abortion/post_787:#originalStanceText=Yes of course	abortion/post_787:#originalTopic=Are_you_Pro_Choice
abortion/post_788:#originalStanceText=NO WAY	abortion/post_788:#originalTopic=Are_you_Pro_Choice
abortion/post_789:#originalStanceText=NO WAY	abortion/post_789:#originalTopic=Are_you_Pro_Choice
abortion/post_79:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_79:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_790:#originalStanceText=Yes of course	abortion/post_790:#originalTopic=Are_you_Pro_Choice
abortion/post_791:#originalStanceText=NO WAY	abortion/post_791:#originalTopic=Are_you_Pro_Choice
abortion/post_792:#originalStanceText=yes	abortion/post_792:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_793:#originalStanceText=yes	abortion/post_793:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_794:#originalStanceText=yes	abortion/post_794:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_795:#originalStanceText=yes	abortion/post_795:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_796:#originalStanceText=yes	abortion/post_796:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_797:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_797:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_798:#originalStanceText=yes	abortion/post_798:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_799:#originalStanceText=yes	abortion/post_799:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_8:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_8:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_80:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_80:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_800:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_800:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_801:#originalStanceText=yes	abortion/post_801:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_802:#originalStanceText=yes	abortion/post_802:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_803:#originalStanceText=yes	abortion/post_803:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_804:#originalStanceText=yes	abortion/post_804:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_805:#originalStanceText=yes	abortion/post_805:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_806:#originalStanceText=yes	abortion/post_806:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_807:#originalStanceText=yes	abortion/post_807:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_808:#originalStanceText=yes	abortion/post_808:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_809:#originalStanceText=yes	abortion/post_809:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_81:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_81:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_810:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_810:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_811:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_811:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_812:#originalStanceText=yes	abortion/post_812:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_813:#originalStanceText=yes	abortion/post_813:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_814:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_814:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_815:#originalStanceText=yes	abortion/post_815:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_816:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_816:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_817:#originalStanceText=yes	abortion/post_817:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_818:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_818:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_819:#originalStanceText=yes	abortion/post_819:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_82:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_82:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_820:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_820:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_821:#originalStanceText=yes	abortion/post_821:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_822:#originalStanceText=yes	abortion/post_822:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_823:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_823:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_824:#originalStanceText=yes	abortion/post_824:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_825:#originalStanceText=yes	abortion/post_825:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_826:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_826:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_827:#originalStanceText=yes	abortion/post_827:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_828:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_828:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_829:#originalStanceText=yes	abortion/post_829:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_83:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_83:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_830:#originalStanceText=yes	abortion/post_830:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_831:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_831:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_832:#originalStanceText=yes	abortion/post_832:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_833:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_833:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_834:#originalStanceText=yes	abortion/post_834:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_835:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_835:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_836:#originalStanceText=yes	abortion/post_836:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_837:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_837:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_838:#originalStanceText=yes	abortion/post_838:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_839:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_839:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_84:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_84:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_840:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_840:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_841:#originalStanceText=yes	abortion/post_841:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_842:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_842:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_843:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_843:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_844:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_844:#originalTopic=If_abortion_was_illegal_should_it_still_be_legal_for_rape
abortion/post_845:#originalStanceText=yes	abortion/post_845:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_846:#originalStanceText=yes	abortion/post_846:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_847:#originalStanceText=yes	abortion/post_847:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_848:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_848:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_849:#originalStanceText=yes	abortion/post_849:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_85:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_85:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_850:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_850:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_851:#originalStanceText=yes	abortion/post_851:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_852:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_852:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_853:#originalStanceText=yes	abortion/post_853:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_854:#originalStanceText=yes	abortion/post_854:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_855:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_855:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_856:#originalStanceText=yes	abortion/post_856:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_857:#originalStanceText=yes	abortion/post_857:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_858:#originalStanceText=yes	abortion/post_858:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_859:#originalStanceText=yes	abortion/post_859:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_86:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_86:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_860:#originalStanceText=yes	abortion/post_860:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_861:#originalStanceText=yes	abortion/post_861:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_862:#originalStanceText=yes	abortion/post_862:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_863:#originalStanceText=yes	abortion/post_863:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_864:#originalStanceText=yes	abortion/post_864:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_865:#originalStanceText=yes	abortion/post_865:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_866:#originalStanceText=yes	abortion/post_866:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_867:#originalStanceText=yes	abortion/post_867:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_868:#originalStanceText=yes	abortion/post_868:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_869:#originalStanceText=yes	abortion/post_869:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_87:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_87:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_870:#originalStanceText=yes	abortion/post_870:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_871:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_871:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_872:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_872:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_873:#originalStanceText=yes	abortion/post_873:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_874:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_874:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_875:#originalStanceText=yes	abortion/post_875:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_876:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_876:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_877:#originalStanceText=yes	abortion/post_877:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_878:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_878:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_879:#originalStanceText=yes	abortion/post_879:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_88:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_88:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_880:#originalStanceText=yes	abortion/post_880:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_881:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_881:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_882:#originalStanceText=yes	abortion/post_882:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_883:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_883:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_884:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_884:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_885:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_885:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_886:#originalStanceText=yes	abortion/post_886:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_887:#originalStanceText=yes	abortion/post_887:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_888:#originalStanceText=yes	abortion/post_888:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_889:#originalStanceText=yes	abortion/post_889:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_89:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_89:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_890:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_890:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_891:#originalStanceText=yes	abortion/post_891:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_892:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_892:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_893:#originalStanceText=yes	abortion/post_893:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_894:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_894:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_895:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_895:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_896:#originalStanceText=yes	abortion/post_896:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_897:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_897:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_898:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_898:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_899:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_899:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_9:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_9:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_90:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_90:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_900:#originalStanceText=yes	abortion/post_900:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_901:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_901:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_902:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_902:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_903:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_903:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_904:#originalStanceText=yes	abortion/post_904:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_905:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_905:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_906:#originalStanceText=yes	abortion/post_906:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_907:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_907:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_908:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_908:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_909:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_909:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_91:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_91:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_910:#originalStanceText=yes	abortion/post_910:#originalTopic=Should_abortion_be_legal
abortion/post_911:#originalStanceText=yes	abortion/post_911:#originalTopic=Should_late_term_abortions_be_legal
abortion/post_912:#originalStanceText=yes	abortion/post_912:#originalTopic=Should_late_term_abortions_be_legal
abortion/post_913:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_913:#originalTopic=Should_late_term_abortions_be_legal
abortion/post_914:#originalStanceText=yes	abortion/post_914:#originalTopic=Should_late_term_abortions_be_legal
abortion/post_915:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_915:#originalTopic=Should_late_term_abortions_be_legal
abortion/post_916:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_916:#originalTopic=Should_late_term_abortions_be_legal
abortion/post_917:#originalStanceText=yes	abortion/post_917:#originalTopic=Should_late_term_abortions_be_legal
abortion/post_918:#originalStanceText=yes	abortion/post_918:#originalTopic=Should_late_term_abortions_be_legal
abortion/post_919:#originalStanceText=yes	abortion/post_919:#originalTopic=Should_late_term_abortions_be_legal
abortion/post_92:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_92:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_920:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_920:#originalTopic=Should_late_term_abortions_be_legal
abortion/post_921:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_921:#originalTopic=Should_late_term_abortions_be_legal
abortion/post_922:#originalStanceText=yes	abortion/post_922:#originalTopic=Should_late_term_abortions_be_legal
abortion/post_923:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_923:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_924:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_924:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_925:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_925:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_926:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_926:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_927:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_927:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_928:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_928:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_929:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_929:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_93:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_93:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_930:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_930:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_931:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_931:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_932:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_932:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_933:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_933:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_934:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_934:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_935:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_935:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_936:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_936:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_937:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_937:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_938:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_938:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_939:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_939:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_94:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_94:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_940:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_940:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_941:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_941:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_942:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_942:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_943:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_943:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_944:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_944:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_945:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_945:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_946:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_946:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_947:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_947:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_948:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_948:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_949:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_949:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_95:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_95:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_950:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_950:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_951:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_951:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_952:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_952:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_953:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_953:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_954:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_954:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_955:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_955:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_956:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_956:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_957:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_957:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_958:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_958:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_959:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_959:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_96:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_96:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_960:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_960:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_961:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_961:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_962:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_962:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_963:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_963:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_964:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_964:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_965:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_965:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_966:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_966:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_967:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_967:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_968:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_968:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_969:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_969:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_97:#originalStanceText=Yes	abortion/post_97:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_970:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_970:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_971:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_971:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_972:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_972:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_973:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_973:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_974:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_974:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_975:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_975:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_976:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_976:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_977:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_977:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_978:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_978:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_979:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_979:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_98:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_98:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_980:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_980:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_981:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_981:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_982:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_982:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_983:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_983:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_984:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_984:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_985:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_985:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_986:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_986:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_987:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_987:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_988:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_988:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_989:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_989:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_99:#originalStanceText=No	abortion/post_99:#originalTopic=Debate:_Abortion
abortion/post_990:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_990:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_991:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_991:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_992:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_992:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_993:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_993:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_994:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_994:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_995:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_995:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_996:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_996:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_997:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_997:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_998:#originalStanceText=abortion should be banned	abortion/post_998:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
abortion/post_999:#originalStanceText=abortion should not be banned	abortion/post_999:#originalTopic=should_abortion_be_banned
creation/post_0:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_0:#originalTopic=Debate:_Creationism_vs_evolution_in_schools
creation/post_1:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_1:#originalTopic=Debate:_Creationism_vs_evolution_in_schools
creation/post_10:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_10:#originalTopic=Debate:_Creationism_vs_evolution_in_schools
creation/post_100:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_100:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_1000:#originalStanceText=It has not	creation/post_1000:#originalTopic=Has_evolution_been_scientifically_proved
creation/post_1001:#originalStanceText=It has not	creation/post_1001:#originalTopic=Has_evolution_been_scientifically_proved
creation/post_1002:#originalStanceText=It has not	creation/post_1002:#originalTopic=Has_evolution_been_scientifically_proved
creation/post_1003:#originalStanceText=It has not	creation/post_1003:#originalTopic=Has_evolution_been_scientifically_proved
creation/post_1004:#originalStanceText=It has not	creation/post_1004:#originalTopic=Has_evolution_been_scientifically_proved
creation/post_1005:#originalStanceText=It has not	creation/post_1005:#originalTopic=Has_evolution_been_scientifically_proved
creation/post_1006:#originalStanceText=It has	creation/post_1006:#originalTopic=Has_evolution_been_scientifically_proved
creation/post_1007:#originalStanceText=It has not	creation/post_1007:#originalTopic=Has_evolution_been_scientifically_proved
creation/post_1008:#originalStanceText=It has not	creation/post_1008:#originalTopic=Has_evolution_been_scientifically_proved
creation/post_1009:#originalStanceText=It has	creation/post_1009:#originalTopic=Has_evolution_been_scientifically_proved
creation/post_101:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_101:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_1010:#originalStanceText=It has	creation/post_1010:#originalTopic=Has_evolution_been_scientifically_proved
creation/post_1011:#originalStanceText=It has not	creation/post_1011:#originalTopic=Has_evolution_been_scientifically_proved
creation/post_1012:#originalStanceText=It has not	creation/post_1012:#originalTopic=Has_evolution_been_scientifically_proved
creation/post_1013:#originalStanceText=Evolution	creation/post_1013:#originalTopic=evolution_vs_creationism
creation/post_1014:#originalStanceText=creationism	creation/post_1014:#originalTopic=evolution_vs_creationism
creation/post_1015:#originalStanceText=Evolution	creation/post_1015:#originalTopic=evolution_vs_creationism
creation/post_1016:#originalStanceText=creationism	creation/post_1016:#originalTopic=evolution_vs_creationism
creation/post_1017:#originalStanceText=Evolution	creation/post_1017:#originalTopic=evolution_vs_creationism
creation/post_1018:#originalStanceText=Evolution	creation/post_1018:#originalTopic=evolution_vs_creationism
creation/post_1019:#originalStanceText=Evolution	creation/post_1019:#originalTopic=evolution_vs_creationism
creation/post_102:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_102:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_1020:#originalStanceText=Evolution	creation/post_1020:#originalTopic=evolution_vs_creationism
creation/post_1021:#originalStanceText=Evolution	creation/post_1021:#originalTopic=evolution_vs_creationism
creation/post_1022:#originalStanceText=Evolution	creation/post_1022:#originalTopic=evolution_vs_creationism
creation/post_1023:#originalStanceText=Evolution	creation/post_1023:#originalTopic=evolution_vs_creationism
creation/post_1024:#originalStanceText=Evolution	creation/post_1024:#originalTopic=evolution_vs_creationism
creation/post_1025:#originalStanceText=Evolution	creation/post_1025:#originalTopic=evolution_vs_creationism
creation/post_1026:#originalStanceText=Evolution	creation/post_1026:#originalTopic=evolution_vs_creationism
creation/post_1027:#originalStanceText=Evolution	creation/post_1027:#originalTopic=evolution_vs_creationism
creation/post_1028:#originalStanceText=Evolution	creation/post_1028:#originalTopic=evolution_vs_creationism
creation/post_1029:#originalStanceText=Evolution	creation/post_1029:#originalTopic=evolution_vs_creationism
creation/post_103:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_103:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_1030:#originalStanceText=Evolution	creation/post_1030:#originalTopic=evolution_vs_creationism
creation/post_1031:#originalStanceText=Evolution	creation/post_1031:#originalTopic=evolution_vs_creationism
creation/post_1032:#originalStanceText=Evolution	creation/post_1032:#originalTopic=evolution_vs_creationism
creation/post_1033:#originalStanceText=Evolution	creation/post_1033:#originalTopic=evolution_vs_creationism
creation/post_1034:#originalStanceText=Evolution	creation/post_1034:#originalTopic=evolution_vs_creationism
creation/post_1035:#originalStanceText=Evolution	creation/post_1035:#originalTopic=evolution_vs_creationism
creation/post_1036:#originalStanceText=Evolution	creation/post_1036:#originalTopic=evolution_vs_creationism
creation/post_1037:#originalStanceText=Evolution	creation/post_1037:#originalTopic=evolution_vs_creationism
creation/post_1038:#originalStanceText=Evolution	creation/post_1038:#originalTopic=evolution_vs_creationism
creation/post_1039:#originalStanceText=creationism	creation/post_1039:#originalTopic=evolution_vs_creationism
creation/post_104:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_104:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_1040:#originalStanceText=Evolution	creation/post_1040:#originalTopic=evolution_vs_creationism
creation/post_1041:#originalStanceText=Evolution	creation/post_1041:#originalTopic=evolution_vs_creationism
creation/post_1042:#originalStanceText=creationism	creation/post_1042:#originalTopic=evolution_vs_creationism
creation/post_1043:#originalStanceText=Evolution	creation/post_1043:#originalTopic=evolution_vs_creationism
creation/post_1044:#originalStanceText=creationism	creation/post_1044:#originalTopic=evolution_vs_creationism
creation/post_1045:#originalStanceText=Evolution	creation/post_1045:#originalTopic=evolution_vs_creationism
creation/post_1046:#originalStanceText=Evolution	creation/post_1046:#originalTopic=evolution_vs_creationism
creation/post_1047:#originalStanceText=Evolution	creation/post_1047:#originalTopic=evolution_vs_creationism
creation/post_1048:#originalStanceText=Evolution	creation/post_1048:#originalTopic=evolution_vs_creationism
creation/post_1049:#originalStanceText=creationism	creation/post_1049:#originalTopic=evolution_vs_creationism
creation/post_105:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_105:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_1050:#originalStanceText=creationism	creation/post_1050:#originalTopic=evolution_vs_creationism
creation/post_1051:#originalStanceText=Evolution	creation/post_1051:#originalTopic=evolution_vs_creationism
creation/post_1052:#originalStanceText=creationism	creation/post_1052:#originalTopic=evolution_vs_creationism
creation/post_1053:#originalStanceText=Evolution	creation/post_1053:#originalTopic=evolution_vs_creationism
creation/post_1054:#originalStanceText=creationism	creation/post_1054:#originalTopic=evolution_vs_creationism
creation/post_1055:#originalStanceText=creationism	creation/post_1055:#originalTopic=evolution_vs_creationism
creation/post_1056:#originalStanceText=Evolution	creation/post_1056:#originalTopic=evolution_vs_creationism
creation/post_1057:#originalStanceText=creationism	creation/post_1057:#originalTopic=evolution_vs_creationism
creation/post_1058:#originalStanceText=creationism	creation/post_1058:#originalTopic=evolution_vs_creationism
creation/post_1059:#originalStanceText=Evolution	creation/post_1059:#originalTopic=evolution_vs_creationism
creation/post_106:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_106:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_1060:#originalStanceText=creationism	creation/post_1060:#originalTopic=evolution_vs_creationism
creation/post_1061:#originalStanceText=creationism	creation/post_1061:#originalTopic=evolution_vs_creationism
creation/post_1062:#originalStanceText=Evolution	creation/post_1062:#originalTopic=evolution_vs_creationism
creation/post_1063:#originalStanceText=Evolution	creation/post_1063:#originalTopic=evolution_vs_creationism
creation/post_1064:#originalStanceText=creationism	creation/post_1064:#originalTopic=evolution_vs_creationism
creation/post_1065:#originalStanceText=Evolution	creation/post_1065:#originalTopic=evolution_vs_creationism
creation/post_1066:#originalStanceText=creationism	creation/post_1066:#originalTopic=evolution_vs_creationism
creation/post_1067:#originalStanceText=Evolution	creation/post_1067:#originalTopic=evolution_vs_creationism
creation/post_1068:#originalStanceText=creationism	creation/post_1068:#originalTopic=evolution_vs_creationism
creation/post_1069:#originalStanceText=for	creation/post_1069:#originalTopic=Creationism_Is_Wrong
creation/post_107:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_107:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_1070:#originalStanceText=for	creation/post_1070:#originalTopic=Creationism_Is_Wrong
creation/post_1071:#originalStanceText=for	creation/post_1071:#originalTopic=Creationism_Is_Wrong
creation/post_1072:#originalStanceText=for	creation/post_1072:#originalTopic=Creationism_Is_Wrong
creation/post_1073:#originalStanceText=for	creation/post_1073:#originalTopic=Creationism_Is_Wrong
creation/post_1074:#originalStanceText=for	creation/post_1074:#originalTopic=Creationism_Is_Wrong
creation/post_1075:#originalStanceText=for	creation/post_1075:#originalTopic=Creationism_Is_Wrong
creation/post_1076:#originalStanceText=for	creation/post_1076:#originalTopic=Creationism_Is_Wrong
creation/post_1077:#originalStanceText=for	creation/post_1077:#originalTopic=Creationism_Is_Wrong
creation/post_1078:#originalStanceText=for	creation/post_1078:#originalTopic=Creationism_Is_Wrong
creation/post_1079:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1079:#originalTopic=Creationism_Is_Wrong
creation/post_108:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_108:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_1080:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1080:#originalTopic=Creationism_Is_Wrong
creation/post_1081:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1081:#originalTopic=Creationism_Is_Wrong
creation/post_1082:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1082:#originalTopic=Creationism_Is_Wrong
creation/post_1083:#originalStanceText=for	creation/post_1083:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_A_False_Idea
creation/post_1084:#originalStanceText=for	creation/post_1084:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_A_False_Idea
creation/post_1085:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1085:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_A_False_Idea
creation/post_1086:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1086:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_A_False_Idea
creation/post_1087:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1087:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_A_False_Idea
creation/post_1088:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1088:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_A_False_Idea
creation/post_1089:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1089:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_A_False_Idea
creation/post_109:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_109:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_1090:#originalStanceText=for	creation/post_1090:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_True
creation/post_1091:#originalStanceText=for	creation/post_1091:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_True
creation/post_1092:#originalStanceText=for	creation/post_1092:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_True
creation/post_1093:#originalStanceText=for	creation/post_1093:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_True
creation/post_1094:#originalStanceText=for	creation/post_1094:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_True
creation/post_1095:#originalStanceText=for	creation/post_1095:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_True
creation/post_1096:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1096:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_True
creation/post_1097:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1097:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_True
creation/post_1098:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1098:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_True
creation/post_1099:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1099:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_True
creation/post_11:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_11:#originalTopic=Debate:_Creationism_vs_evolution_in_schools
creation/post_110:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_110:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_1100:#originalStanceText=for	creation/post_1100:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_Wrong
creation/post_1101:#originalStanceText=for	creation/post_1101:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_Wrong
creation/post_1102:#originalStanceText=for	creation/post_1102:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_Wrong
creation/post_1103:#originalStanceText=for	creation/post_1103:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_Wrong
creation/post_1104:#originalStanceText=for	creation/post_1104:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_Wrong
creation/post_1105:#originalStanceText=for	creation/post_1105:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_Wrong
creation/post_1106:#originalStanceText=for	creation/post_1106:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_Wrong
creation/post_1107:#originalStanceText=for	creation/post_1107:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_Wrong
creation/post_1108:#originalStanceText=for	creation/post_1108:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_Wrong
creation/post_1109:#originalStanceText=for	creation/post_1109:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_Wrong
creation/post_111:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_111:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_1110:#originalStanceText=for	creation/post_1110:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_Wrong
creation/post_1111:#originalStanceText=for	creation/post_1111:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_Wrong
creation/post_1112:#originalStanceText=for	creation/post_1112:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_Wrong
creation/post_1113:#originalStanceText=for	creation/post_1113:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_Wrong
creation/post_1114:#originalStanceText=for	creation/post_1114:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_Wrong
creation/post_1115:#originalStanceText=for	creation/post_1115:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_Wrong
creation/post_1116:#originalStanceText=for	creation/post_1116:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_Wrong
creation/post_1117:#originalStanceText=for	creation/post_1117:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_Wrong
creation/post_1118:#originalStanceText=for	creation/post_1118:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_Wrong
creation/post_1119:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1119:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_Wrong
creation/post_112:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_112:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_1120:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1120:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_Wrong
creation/post_1121:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1121:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_Wrong
creation/post_1122:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1122:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_Wrong
creation/post_1123:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1123:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_Wrong
creation/post_1124:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1124:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_Wrong
creation/post_1125:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1125:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_Wrong
creation/post_1126:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1126:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_Wrong
creation/post_1127:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1127:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_Wrong
creation/post_1128:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1128:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_Wrong
creation/post_1129:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1129:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_Wrong
creation/post_113:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_113:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_1130:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1130:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_Wrong
creation/post_1131:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1131:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_Wrong
creation/post_1132:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1132:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_Wrong
creation/post_1133:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1133:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_Wrong
creation/post_1134:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1134:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_Wrong
creation/post_1135:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1135:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_Wrong
creation/post_1136:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1136:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_Wrong
creation/post_1137:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1137:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_Wrong
creation/post_1138:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1138:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_Wrong
creation/post_1139:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1139:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_Wrong
creation/post_114:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_114:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_1140:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1140:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_Wrong
creation/post_1141:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1141:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_Wrong
creation/post_1142:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1142:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_Wrong
creation/post_1143:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1143:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_Wrong
creation/post_1144:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1144:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_Wrong
creation/post_1145:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1145:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_Wrong
creation/post_1146:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1146:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_Wrong
creation/post_1147:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1147:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_Wrong
creation/post_1148:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1148:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_Wrong
creation/post_1149:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1149:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_Wrong
creation/post_115:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_115:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_1150:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1150:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_Wrong
creation/post_1151:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1151:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_Wrong
creation/post_1152:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1152:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_Wrong
creation/post_1153:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1153:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_Wrong
creation/post_1154:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1154:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_Wrong
creation/post_1155:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1155:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_Wrong
creation/post_1156:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1156:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_Wrong
creation/post_1157:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1157:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_Wrong
creation/post_1158:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1158:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_Wrong
creation/post_1159:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1159:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_Wrong
creation/post_116:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_116:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_1160:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1160:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_Wrong
creation/post_1161:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1161:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_Wrong
creation/post_1162:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1162:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_Wrong
creation/post_1163:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1163:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_Wrong
creation/post_1164:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1164:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_Wrong
creation/post_1165:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1165:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_Wrong
creation/post_1166:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1166:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_Wrong
creation/post_1167:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1167:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_Wrong
creation/post_1168:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1168:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_Wrong
creation/post_1169:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1169:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_Wrong
creation/post_117:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_117:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_1170:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1170:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_Wrong
creation/post_1171:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1171:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_Wrong
creation/post_1172:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1172:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_Wrong
creation/post_1173:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1173:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_Wrong
creation/post_1174:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1174:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_Wrong
creation/post_1175:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1175:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_Wrong
creation/post_1176:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1176:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_Wrong
creation/post_1177:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1177:#originalTopic=Evolution_Is_Wrong
creation/post_1178:#originalStanceText=for	creation/post_1178:#originalTopic=Intelligent_Design_And_Creationism_Are_Nonsense
creation/post_1179:#originalStanceText=for	creation/post_1179:#originalTopic=Intelligent_Design_And_Creationism_Are_Nonsense
creation/post_118:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_118:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_1180:#originalStanceText=for	creation/post_1180:#originalTopic=Intelligent_Design_And_Creationism_Are_Nonsense
creation/post_1181:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1181:#originalTopic=Intelligent_Design_And_Creationism_Are_Nonsense
creation/post_1182:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1182:#originalTopic=Intelligent_Design_And_Creationism_Are_Nonsense
creation/post_1183:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1183:#originalTopic=Intelligent_Design_And_Creationism_Are_Nonsense
creation/post_1184:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1184:#originalTopic=Intelligent_Design_And_Creationism_Are_Nonsense
creation/post_1185:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1185:#originalTopic=Intelligent_Design_And_Creationism_Are_Nonsense
creation/post_1186:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1186:#originalTopic=Intelligent_Design_And_Creationism_Are_Nonsense
creation/post_1187:#originalStanceText=for	creation/post_1187:#originalTopic=Is_The_Whole_Evolution_Theory_STARTING_To_FAll_Apart
creation/post_1188:#originalStanceText=for	creation/post_1188:#originalTopic=Is_The_Whole_Evolution_Theory_STARTING_To_FAll_Apart
creation/post_1189:#originalStanceText=for	creation/post_1189:#originalTopic=Is_The_Whole_Evolution_Theory_STARTING_To_FAll_Apart
creation/post_119:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_119:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_1190:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1190:#originalTopic=Is_The_Whole_Evolution_Theory_STARTING_To_FAll_Apart
creation/post_1191:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1191:#originalTopic=Is_The_Whole_Evolution_Theory_STARTING_To_FAll_Apart
creation/post_1192:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1192:#originalTopic=Is_The_Whole_Evolution_Theory_STARTING_To_FAll_Apart
creation/post_1193:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1193:#originalTopic=Is_The_Whole_Evolution_Theory_STARTING_To_FAll_Apart
creation/post_1194:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1194:#originalTopic=Is_The_Whole_Evolution_Theory_STARTING_To_FAll_Apart
creation/post_1195:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1195:#originalTopic=Is_The_Whole_Evolution_Theory_STARTING_To_FAll_Apart
creation/post_1196:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1196:#originalTopic=Is_The_Whole_Evolution_Theory_STARTING_To_FAll_Apart
creation/post_1197:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1197:#originalTopic=Is_The_Whole_Evolution_Theory_STARTING_To_FAll_Apart
creation/post_1198:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1198:#originalTopic=Is_The_Whole_Evolution_Theory_STARTING_To_FAll_Apart
creation/post_1199:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1199:#originalTopic=Is_The_Whole_Evolution_Theory_STARTING_To_FAll_Apart
creation/post_12:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_12:#originalTopic=Debate:_Creationism_vs_evolution_in_schools
creation/post_120:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_120:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_1200:#originalStanceText=for	creation/post_1200:#originalTopic=There_Is_No_Evidence_For_Evolution
creation/post_1201:#originalStanceText=for	creation/post_1201:#originalTopic=There_Is_No_Evidence_For_Evolution
creation/post_1202:#originalStanceText=for	creation/post_1202:#originalTopic=There_Is_No_Evidence_For_Evolution
creation/post_1203:#originalStanceText=for	creation/post_1203:#originalTopic=There_Is_No_Evidence_For_Evolution
creation/post_1204:#originalStanceText=for	creation/post_1204:#originalTopic=There_Is_No_Evidence_For_Evolution
creation/post_1205:#originalStanceText=for	creation/post_1205:#originalTopic=There_Is_No_Evidence_For_Evolution
creation/post_1206:#originalStanceText=for	creation/post_1206:#originalTopic=There_Is_No_Evidence_For_Evolution
creation/post_1207:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1207:#originalTopic=There_Is_No_Evidence_For_Evolution
creation/post_1208:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1208:#originalTopic=There_Is_No_Evidence_For_Evolution
creation/post_1209:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1209:#originalTopic=There_Is_No_Evidence_For_Evolution
creation/post_121:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_121:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_1210:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1210:#originalTopic=There_Is_No_Evidence_For_Evolution
creation/post_1211:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1211:#originalTopic=There_Is_No_Evidence_For_Evolution
creation/post_1212:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1212:#originalTopic=There_Is_No_Evidence_For_Evolution
creation/post_1213:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1213:#originalTopic=There_Is_No_Evidence_For_Evolution
creation/post_1214:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1214:#originalTopic=There_Is_No_Evidence_For_Evolution
creation/post_1215:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1215:#originalTopic=There_Is_No_Evidence_For_Evolution
creation/post_1216:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1216:#originalTopic=There_Is_No_Evidence_For_Evolution
creation/post_1217:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1217:#originalTopic=There_Is_No_Evidence_For_Evolution
creation/post_1218:#originalStanceText=for	creation/post_1218:#originalTopic=There_Is_No_Evidence_Of_Creationism
creation/post_1219:#originalStanceText=for	creation/post_1219:#originalTopic=There_Is_No_Evidence_Of_Creationism
creation/post_122:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_122:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_1220:#originalStanceText=for	creation/post_1220:#originalTopic=There_Is_No_Evidence_Of_Creationism
creation/post_1221:#originalStanceText=for	creation/post_1221:#originalTopic=There_Is_No_Evidence_Of_Creationism
creation/post_1222:#originalStanceText=for	creation/post_1222:#originalTopic=There_Is_No_Evidence_Of_Creationism
creation/post_1223:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1223:#originalTopic=There_Is_No_Evidence_Of_Creationism
creation/post_1224:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1224:#originalTopic=There_Is_No_Evidence_Of_Creationism
creation/post_1225:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1225:#originalTopic=There_Is_No_Evidence_Of_Creationism
creation/post_1226:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1226:#originalTopic=There_Is_No_Evidence_Of_Creationism
creation/post_1227:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1227:#originalTopic=There_Is_No_Evidence_Of_Creationism
creation/post_1228:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1228:#originalTopic=There_Is_No_Evidence_Of_Creationism
creation/post_1229:#originalStanceText=against	creation/post_1229:#originalTopic=There_Is_No_Evidence_Of_Creationism
creation/post_123:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_123:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_124:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_124:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_125:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_125:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_126:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_126:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_127:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_127:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_128:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_128:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_129:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_129:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_13:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_13:#originalTopic=Debate:_Creationism_vs_evolution_in_schools
creation/post_130:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_130:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_131:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_131:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_132:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_132:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_133:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_133:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_134:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_134:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_135:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_135:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_136:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_136:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_137:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_137:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_138:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_138:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_139:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_139:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_14:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_14:#originalTopic=Debate:_Creationism_vs_evolution_in_schools
creation/post_140:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_140:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_141:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_141:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_142:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_142:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_143:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_143:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_144:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_144:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_145:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_145:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_146:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_146:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_147:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_147:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_148:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_148:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_149:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_149:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_15:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_15:#originalTopic=Debate:_Creationism_vs_evolution_in_schools
creation/post_150:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_150:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_151:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_151:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_152:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_152:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_153:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_153:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_154:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_154:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_155:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_155:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_156:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_156:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_157:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_157:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_158:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_158:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_159:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_159:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_16:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_16:#originalTopic=Debate:_Creationism_vs_evolution_in_schools
creation/post_160:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_160:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_161:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_161:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_162:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_162:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_163:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_163:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_164:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_164:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_165:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_165:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_166:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_166:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_167:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_167:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_168:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_168:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_169:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_169:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_17:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_17:#originalTopic=Debate:_Creationism_vs_evolution_in_schools
creation/post_170:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_170:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_171:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_171:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_172:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_172:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_173:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_173:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_174:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_174:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_175:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_175:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_176:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_176:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_177:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_177:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_178:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_178:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_179:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_179:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_18:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_18:#originalTopic=Debate:_Creationism_vs_evolution_in_schools
creation/post_180:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_180:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_181:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_181:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_182:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_182:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_183:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_183:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_184:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_184:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_185:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_185:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_186:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_186:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_187:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_187:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_188:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_188:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_189:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_189:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_19:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_19:#originalTopic=Debate:_Creationism_vs_evolution_in_schools
creation/post_190:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_190:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_191:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_191:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_192:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_192:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_193:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_193:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_194:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_194:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_195:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_195:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_196:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_196:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_197:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_197:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_198:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_198:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_199:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_199:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_2:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_2:#originalTopic=Debate:_Creationism_vs_evolution_in_schools
creation/post_20:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_20:#originalTopic=Debate:_Creationism_vs_evolution_in_schools
creation/post_200:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_200:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_201:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_201:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_202:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_202:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_203:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_203:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_204:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_204:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_205:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_205:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_206:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_206:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_207:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_207:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_208:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_208:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_209:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_209:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_21:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_21:#originalTopic=Debate:_Creationism_vs_evolution_in_schools
creation/post_210:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_210:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_211:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_211:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_212:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_212:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_213:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_213:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_214:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_214:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_215:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_215:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_216:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_216:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_217:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_217:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_218:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_218:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_219:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_219:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_22:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_22:#originalTopic=Debate:_Creationism_vs_evolution_in_schools
creation/post_220:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_220:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_221:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_221:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_222:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_222:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_223:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_223:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_224:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_224:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_225:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_225:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_226:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_226:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_227:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_227:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_228:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_228:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_229:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_229:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_23:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_23:#originalTopic=Debate:_Creationism_vs_evolution_in_schools
creation/post_230:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_230:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_231:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_231:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_232:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_232:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_233:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_233:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_234:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_234:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_235:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_235:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_236:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_236:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_237:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_237:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_238:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_238:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_239:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_239:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_24:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_24:#originalTopic=Debate:_Creationism_vs_evolution_in_schools
creation/post_240:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_240:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_241:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_241:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_242:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_242:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_243:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_243:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_244:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_244:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_245:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_245:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_246:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_246:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_247:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_247:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_248:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_248:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_249:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_249:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_25:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_25:#originalTopic=Debate:_Creationism_vs_evolution_in_schools
creation/post_250:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_250:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_251:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_251:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_252:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_252:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_253:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_253:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_254:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_254:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_255:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_255:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_256:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_256:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_257:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_257:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_258:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_258:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_259:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_259:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_26:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_26:#originalTopic=Debate:_Creationism_vs_evolution_in_schools
creation/post_260:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_260:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_261:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_261:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_262:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_262:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_263:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_263:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_264:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_264:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_265:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_265:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_266:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_266:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_267:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_267:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_268:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_268:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_269:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_269:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_27:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_27:#originalTopic=Debate:_Creationism_vs_evolution_in_schools
creation/post_270:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_270:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_271:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_271:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_272:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_272:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_273:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_273:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_274:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_274:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_275:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_275:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_276:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_276:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_277:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_277:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_278:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_278:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_279:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_279:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_28:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_28:#originalTopic=Debate:_Creationism_vs_evolution_in_schools
creation/post_280:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_280:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_281:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_281:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_282:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_282:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_283:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_283:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_284:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_284:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_285:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_285:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_286:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_286:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_287:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_287:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_288:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_288:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_289:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_289:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_29:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_29:#originalTopic=Debate:_Creationism_vs_evolution_in_schools
creation/post_290:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_290:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_291:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_291:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_292:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_292:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_293:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_293:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_294:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_294:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_295:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_295:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_296:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_296:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_297:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_297:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_298:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_298:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_299:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_299:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_3:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_3:#originalTopic=Debate:_Creationism_vs_evolution_in_schools
creation/post_30:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_30:#originalTopic=Debate:_Creationism_vs_evolution_in_schools
creation/post_300:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_300:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_301:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_301:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_302:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_302:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_303:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_303:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_304:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_304:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_305:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_305:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_306:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_306:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_307:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_307:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_308:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_308:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_309:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_309:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_31:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_31:#originalTopic=Debate:_Creationism_vs_evolution_in_schools
creation/post_310:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_310:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_311:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_311:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_312:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_312:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_313:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_313:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_314:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_314:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_315:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_315:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_316:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_316:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_317:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_317:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_318:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_318:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_319:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_319:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_32:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_32:#originalTopic=Debate:_Creationism_vs_evolution_in_schools
creation/post_320:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_320:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_321:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_321:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_322:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_322:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_323:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_323:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_324:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_324:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_325:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_325:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_326:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_326:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_327:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_327:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_328:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_328:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_329:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_329:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_33:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_33:#originalTopic=Debate:_Creationism_vs_evolution_in_schools
creation/post_330:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_330:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_331:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_331:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_332:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_332:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_333:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_333:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_334:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_334:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_335:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_335:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_336:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_336:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_337:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_337:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_338:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_338:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_339:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_339:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_34:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_34:#originalTopic=Debate:_Creationism_vs_evolution_in_schools
creation/post_340:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_340:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_341:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_341:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_342:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_342:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_343:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_343:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_344:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_344:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_345:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_345:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_346:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_346:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_347:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_347:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_348:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_348:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_349:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_349:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_35:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_35:#originalTopic=Debate:_Creationism_vs_evolution_in_schools
creation/post_350:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_350:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_351:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_351:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_352:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_352:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_353:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_353:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_354:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_354:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_355:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_355:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_356:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_356:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_357:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_357:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_358:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_358:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_359:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_359:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_36:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_36:#originalTopic=Debate:_Creationism_vs_evolution_in_schools
creation/post_360:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_360:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_361:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_361:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_362:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_362:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_363:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_363:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_364:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_364:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_365:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_365:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_366:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_366:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_367:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_367:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_368:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_368:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_369:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_369:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_37:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_37:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_370:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_370:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_371:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_371:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_372:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_372:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_373:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_373:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_374:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_374:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_375:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_375:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_376:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_376:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_377:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_377:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_378:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_378:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_379:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_379:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_38:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_38:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_380:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_380:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_381:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_381:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_382:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_382:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_383:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_383:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_384:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_384:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_385:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_385:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_386:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_386:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_387:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_387:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_388:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_388:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_389:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_389:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_39:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_39:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_390:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_390:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_391:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_391:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_392:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_392:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_393:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_393:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_394:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_394:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_395:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_395:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_396:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_396:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_397:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_397:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_398:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_398:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_399:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_399:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_4:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_4:#originalTopic=Debate:_Creationism_vs_evolution_in_schools
creation/post_40:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_40:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_400:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_400:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_401:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_401:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_402:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_402:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_403:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_403:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_404:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_404:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_405:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_405:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_406:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_406:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_407:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_407:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_408:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_408:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_409:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_409:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_41:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_41:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_410:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_410:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_411:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_411:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_412:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_412:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_413:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_413:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_414:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_414:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_415:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_415:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_416:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_416:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_417:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_417:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_418:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_418:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_419:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_419:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_42:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_42:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_420:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_420:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_421:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_421:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_422:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_422:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_423:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_423:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_424:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_424:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_425:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_425:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_426:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_426:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_427:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_427:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_428:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_428:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_429:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_429:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_43:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_43:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_430:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_430:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_431:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_431:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_432:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_432:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_433:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_433:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_434:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_434:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_435:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_435:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_436:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_436:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_437:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_437:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_438:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_438:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_439:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_439:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_44:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_44:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_440:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_440:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_441:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_441:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_442:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_442:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_443:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_443:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_444:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_444:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_445:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_445:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_446:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_446:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_447:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_447:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_448:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_448:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_449:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_449:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_45:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_45:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_450:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_450:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_451:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_451:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_452:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_452:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_453:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_453:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_454:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_454:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_455:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_455:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_456:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_456:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_457:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_457:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_458:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_458:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_459:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_459:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_46:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_46:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_460:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_460:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_461:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_461:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_462:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_462:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_463:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_463:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_464:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_464:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_465:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_465:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_466:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_466:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_467:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_467:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_468:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_468:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_469:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_469:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_47:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_47:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_470:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_470:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_471:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_471:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_472:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_472:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_473:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_473:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_474:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_474:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_475:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_475:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_476:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_476:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_477:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_477:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_478:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_478:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_479:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_479:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_48:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_48:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_480:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_480:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_481:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_481:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_482:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_482:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_483:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_483:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_484:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_484:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_485:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_485:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_486:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_486:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_487:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_487:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_488:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_488:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_489:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_489:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_49:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_49:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_490:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_490:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_491:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_491:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_492:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_492:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_493:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_493:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_494:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_494:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_495:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_495:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_496:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_496:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_497:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_497:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_498:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_498:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_499:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_499:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_5:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_5:#originalTopic=Debate:_Creationism_vs_evolution_in_schools
creation/post_50:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_50:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_500:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_500:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_501:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_501:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_502:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_502:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_503:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_503:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_504:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_504:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_505:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_505:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_506:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_506:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_507:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_507:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_508:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_508:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_509:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_509:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_51:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_51:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_510:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_510:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_511:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_511:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_512:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_512:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_513:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_513:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_514:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_514:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_515:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_515:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_516:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_516:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_517:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_517:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_518:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_518:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_519:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_519:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_52:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_52:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_520:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_520:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_521:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_521:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_522:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_522:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_523:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_523:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_524:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_524:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_525:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_525:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_526:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_526:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_527:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_527:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_528:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_528:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_529:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_529:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_53:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_53:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_530:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_530:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_531:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_531:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_532:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_532:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_533:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_533:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_534:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_534:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_535:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_535:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_536:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_536:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_537:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_537:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_538:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_538:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_539:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_539:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_54:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_54:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_540:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_540:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_541:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_541:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_542:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_542:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_543:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_543:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_544:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_544:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_545:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_545:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_546:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_546:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_547:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_547:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_548:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_548:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_549:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_549:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_55:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_55:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_550:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_550:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_551:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_551:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_552:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_552:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_553:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_553:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_554:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_554:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_555:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_555:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_556:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_556:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_557:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_557:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_558:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_558:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_559:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_559:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_56:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_56:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_560:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_560:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_561:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_561:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_562:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_562:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_563:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_563:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_564:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_564:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_565:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_565:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_566:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_566:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_567:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_567:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_568:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_568:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_569:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_569:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_57:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_57:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_570:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_570:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_571:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_571:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_572:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_572:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_573:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_573:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_574:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_574:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_575:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_575:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_576:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_576:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_577:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_577:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_578:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_578:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_579:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_579:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_58:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_58:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_580:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_580:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_581:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_581:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_582:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_582:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_583:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_583:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_584:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_584:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_585:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_585:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_586:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_586:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_587:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_587:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_588:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_588:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_589:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_589:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_59:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_59:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_590:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_590:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_591:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_591:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_592:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_592:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_593:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_593:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_594:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_594:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_595:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_595:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_596:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_596:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_597:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_597:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_598:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_598:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_599:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_599:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_6:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_6:#originalTopic=Debate:_Creationism_vs_evolution_in_schools
creation/post_60:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_60:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_600:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_600:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_601:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_601:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_602:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_602:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_603:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_603:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_604:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_604:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_605:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_605:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_606:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_606:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_607:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_607:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_608:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_608:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_609:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_609:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_61:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_61:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_610:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_610:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_611:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_611:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_612:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_612:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_613:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_613:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_614:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_614:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_615:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_615:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_616:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_616:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_617:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_617:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_618:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_618:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_619:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_619:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_62:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_62:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_620:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_620:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_621:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_621:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_622:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_622:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_623:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_623:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_624:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_624:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_625:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_625:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_626:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_626:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_627:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_627:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_628:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_628:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_629:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_629:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_63:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_63:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_630:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_630:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_631:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_631:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_632:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_632:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_633:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_633:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_634:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_634:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_635:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_635:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_636:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_636:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_637:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_637:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_638:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_638:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_639:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_639:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_64:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_64:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_640:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_640:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_641:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_641:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_642:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_642:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_643:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_643:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_644:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_644:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_645:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_645:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_646:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_646:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_647:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_647:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_648:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_648:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_649:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_649:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_65:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_65:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_650:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_650:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_651:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_651:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_652:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_652:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_653:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_653:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_654:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_654:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_655:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_655:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_656:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_656:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_657:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_657:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_658:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_658:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_659:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_659:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_66:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_66:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_660:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_660:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_661:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_661:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_662:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_662:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_663:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_663:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_664:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_664:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_665:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_665:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_666:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_666:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_667:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_667:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_668:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_668:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_669:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_669:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_67:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_67:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_670:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_670:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_671:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_671:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_672:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_672:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_673:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_673:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_674:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_674:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_675:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_675:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_676:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_676:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_677:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_677:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_678:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_678:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_679:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_679:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_68:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_68:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_680:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_680:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_681:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_681:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_682:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_682:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_683:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_683:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_684:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_684:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_685:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_685:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_686:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_686:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_687:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_687:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_688:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_688:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_689:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_689:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_69:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_69:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_690:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_690:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_691:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_691:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_692:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_692:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_693:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_693:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_694:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_694:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_695:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_695:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_696:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_696:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_697:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_697:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_698:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_698:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_699:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_699:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_7:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_7:#originalTopic=Debate:_Creationism_vs_evolution_in_schools
creation/post_70:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_70:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_700:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_700:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_701:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_701:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_702:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_702:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_703:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_703:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_704:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_704:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_705:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_705:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_706:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_706:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_707:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_707:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_708:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_708:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_709:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_709:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_71:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_71:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_710:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_710:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_711:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_711:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_712:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_712:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_713:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_713:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_714:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_714:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_715:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_715:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_716:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_716:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_717:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_717:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_718:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_718:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_719:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_719:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_72:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_72:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_720:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_720:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_721:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_721:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_722:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_722:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_723:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_723:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_724:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_724:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_725:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_725:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_726:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_726:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_727:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_727:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_728:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_728:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_729:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_729:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_73:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_73:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_730:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_730:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_731:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_731:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_732:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_732:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_733:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_733:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_734:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_734:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_735:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_735:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_736:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_736:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_737:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_737:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_738:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_738:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_739:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_739:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_74:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_74:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_740:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_740:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_741:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_741:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_742:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_742:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_743:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_743:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_744:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_744:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_745:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_745:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_746:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_746:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_747:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_747:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_748:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_748:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_749:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_749:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_75:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_75:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_750:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_750:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_751:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_751:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_752:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_752:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_753:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_753:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_754:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_754:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_755:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_755:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_756:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_756:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_757:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_757:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_758:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_758:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_759:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_759:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_76:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_76:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_760:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_760:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_761:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_761:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_762:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_762:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_763:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_763:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_764:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_764:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_765:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_765:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_766:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_766:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_767:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_767:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_768:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_768:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_769:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_769:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_77:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_77:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_770:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_770:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_771:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_771:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_772:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_772:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_773:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_773:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_774:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_774:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_775:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_775:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_776:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_776:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_777:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_777:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_778:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_778:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_779:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_779:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_78:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_78:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_780:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_780:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_781:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_781:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_782:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_782:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_783:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_783:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_784:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_784:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_785:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_785:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_786:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_786:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_787:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_787:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_788:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_788:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_789:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_789:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_79:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_79:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_790:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_790:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_791:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_791:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_792:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_792:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_793:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_793:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_794:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_794:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_795:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_795:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_796:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_796:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_797:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_797:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_798:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_798:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_799:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_799:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_8:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_8:#originalTopic=Debate:_Creationism_vs_evolution_in_schools
creation/post_80:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_80:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_800:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_800:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_801:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_801:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_802:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_802:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_803:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_803:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_804:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_804:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_805:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_805:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_806:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_806:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_807:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_807:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_808:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_808:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_809:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_809:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_81:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_81:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_810:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_810:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_811:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_811:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_812:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_812:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_813:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_813:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_814:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_814:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_815:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_815:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_816:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_816:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_817:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_817:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_818:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_818:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_819:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_819:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_82:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_82:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_820:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_820:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_821:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_821:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_822:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_822:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_823:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_823:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_824:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_824:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_825:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_825:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_826:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_826:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_827:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_827:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_828:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_828:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_829:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_829:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_83:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_83:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_830:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_830:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_831:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_831:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_832:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_832:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_833:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_833:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_834:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_834:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_835:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_835:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_836:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_836:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_837:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_837:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_838:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_838:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_839:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_839:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_84:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_84:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_840:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_840:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_841:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_841:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_842:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_842:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_843:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_843:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_844:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_844:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_845:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_845:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_846:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_846:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_847:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_847:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_848:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_848:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_849:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_849:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_85:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_85:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_850:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_850:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_851:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_851:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_852:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_852:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_853:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_853:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_854:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_854:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_855:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_855:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_856:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_856:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_857:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_857:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_858:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_858:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_859:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_859:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_86:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_86:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_860:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_860:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_861:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_861:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_862:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_862:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_863:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_863:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_864:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_864:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_865:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_865:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_866:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_866:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_867:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_867:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_868:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_868:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_869:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_869:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_87:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_87:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_870:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_870:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_871:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_871:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_872:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_872:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_873:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_873:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_874:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_874:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_875:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_875:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_876:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_876:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_877:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_877:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_878:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_878:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_879:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_879:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_88:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_88:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_880:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_880:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_881:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_881:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_882:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_882:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_883:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_883:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_884:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_884:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_885:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_885:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_886:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_886:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_887:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_887:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_888:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_888:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_889:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_889:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_89:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_89:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_890:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_890:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_891:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_891:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_892:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_892:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_893:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_893:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_894:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_894:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_895:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_895:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_896:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_896:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_897:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_897:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_898:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_898:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_899:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_899:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_9:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_9:#originalTopic=Debate:_Creationism_vs_evolution_in_schools
creation/post_90:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_90:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_900:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_900:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_901:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_901:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_902:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_902:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_903:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_903:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_904:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_904:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_905:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_905:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_906:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_906:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_907:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_907:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_908:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_908:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_909:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_909:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_91:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_91:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_910:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_910:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_911:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_911:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_912:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_912:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_913:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_913:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_914:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_914:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_915:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_915:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_916:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_916:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_917:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_917:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_918:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_918:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_919:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_919:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_92:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_92:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_920:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_920:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_921:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_921:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_922:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_922:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_923:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_923:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_924:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_924:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_925:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_925:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_926:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_926:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_927:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_927:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_928:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_928:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_929:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_929:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_93:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_93:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_930:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_930:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_931:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_931:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_932:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_932:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_933:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_933:#originalTopic=was-the-world-created-in-six-days
creation/post_934:#originalStanceText=yes	creation/post_934:#originalTopic=Are_religious_people_who_deny_evolution_stupid
creation/post_935:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_935:#originalTopic=Are_religious_people_who_deny_evolution_stupid
creation/post_936:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_936:#originalTopic=Are_religious_people_who_deny_evolution_stupid
creation/post_937:#originalStanceText=yes	creation/post_937:#originalTopic=Are_religious_people_who_deny_evolution_stupid
creation/post_938:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_938:#originalTopic=Are_religious_people_who_deny_evolution_stupid
creation/post_939:#originalStanceText=yes	creation/post_939:#originalTopic=Are_religious_people_who_deny_evolution_stupid
creation/post_94:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_94:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_940:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_940:#originalTopic=Are_religious_people_who_deny_evolution_stupid
creation/post_941:#originalStanceText=yes	creation/post_941:#originalTopic=Are_religious_people_who_deny_evolution_stupid
creation/post_942:#originalStanceText=yes	creation/post_942:#originalTopic=Are_religious_people_who_deny_evolution_stupid
creation/post_943:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_943:#originalTopic=Are_religious_people_who_deny_evolution_stupid
creation/post_944:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_944:#originalTopic=Are_religious_people_who_deny_evolution_stupid
creation/post_945:#originalStanceText=yes	creation/post_945:#originalTopic=Are_religious_people_who_deny_evolution_stupid
creation/post_946:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_946:#originalTopic=Are_religious_people_who_deny_evolution_stupid
creation/post_947:#originalStanceText=yes	creation/post_947:#originalTopic=Are_religious_people_who_deny_evolution_stupid
creation/post_948:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_948:#originalTopic=Are_religious_people_who_deny_evolution_stupid
creation/post_949:#originalStanceText=creationism	creation/post_949:#originalTopic=Creationism_Or_Evolution
creation/post_95:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_95:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_950:#originalStanceText=Evolution	creation/post_950:#originalTopic=Creationism_Or_Evolution
creation/post_951:#originalStanceText=creationism	creation/post_951:#originalTopic=Creationism_Or_Evolution
creation/post_952:#originalStanceText=Evolution	creation/post_952:#originalTopic=Creationism_Or_Evolution
creation/post_953:#originalStanceText=Evolution	creation/post_953:#originalTopic=Creationism_Or_Evolution
creation/post_954:#originalStanceText=Evolution	creation/post_954:#originalTopic=Creationism_Or_Evolution
creation/post_955:#originalStanceText=creationism	creation/post_955:#originalTopic=Creationism_Or_Evolution
creation/post_956:#originalStanceText=Evolution	creation/post_956:#originalTopic=Creationism_Or_Evolution
creation/post_957:#originalStanceText=creationism	creation/post_957:#originalTopic=Creationism_Or_Evolution
creation/post_958:#originalStanceText=Evolution	creation/post_958:#originalTopic=Creationism_Or_Evolution
creation/post_959:#originalStanceText=Evolution	creation/post_959:#originalTopic=Creationism_Or_Evolution
creation/post_96:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_96:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_960:#originalStanceText=Evolution	creation/post_960:#originalTopic=Creationism_Or_Evolution
creation/post_961:#originalStanceText=Evolution	creation/post_961:#originalTopic=Creationism_Or_Evolution
creation/post_962:#originalStanceText=It has not	creation/post_962:#originalTopic=Has_evolution_been_scientifically_proved
creation/post_963:#originalStanceText=It has not	creation/post_963:#originalTopic=Has_evolution_been_scientifically_proved
creation/post_964:#originalStanceText=It has	creation/post_964:#originalTopic=Has_evolution_been_scientifically_proved
creation/post_965:#originalStanceText=It has	creation/post_965:#originalTopic=Has_evolution_been_scientifically_proved
creation/post_966:#originalStanceText=It has	creation/post_966:#originalTopic=Has_evolution_been_scientifically_proved
creation/post_967:#originalStanceText=It has not	creation/post_967:#originalTopic=Has_evolution_been_scientifically_proved
creation/post_968:#originalStanceText=It has not	creation/post_968:#originalTopic=Has_evolution_been_scientifically_proved
creation/post_969:#originalStanceText=It has not	creation/post_969:#originalTopic=Has_evolution_been_scientifically_proved
creation/post_97:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_97:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_970:#originalStanceText=It has	creation/post_970:#originalTopic=Has_evolution_been_scientifically_proved
creation/post_971:#originalStanceText=It has	creation/post_971:#originalTopic=Has_evolution_been_scientifically_proved
creation/post_972:#originalStanceText=It has not	creation/post_972:#originalTopic=Has_evolution_been_scientifically_proved
creation/post_973:#originalStanceText=It has not	creation/post_973:#originalTopic=Has_evolution_been_scientifically_proved
creation/post_974:#originalStanceText=It has	creation/post_974:#originalTopic=Has_evolution_been_scientifically_proved
creation/post_975:#originalStanceText=It has	creation/post_975:#originalTopic=Has_evolution_been_scientifically_proved
creation/post_976:#originalStanceText=It has	creation/post_976:#originalTopic=Has_evolution_been_scientifically_proved
creation/post_977:#originalStanceText=It has	creation/post_977:#originalTopic=Has_evolution_been_scientifically_proved
creation/post_978:#originalStanceText=It has not	creation/post_978:#originalTopic=Has_evolution_been_scientifically_proved
creation/post_979:#originalStanceText=It has	creation/post_979:#originalTopic=Has_evolution_been_scientifically_proved
creation/post_98:#originalStanceText=No	creation/post_98:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_980:#originalStanceText=It has	creation/post_980:#originalTopic=Has_evolution_been_scientifically_proved
creation/post_981:#originalStanceText=It has	creation/post_981:#originalTopic=Has_evolution_been_scientifically_proved
creation/post_982:#originalStanceText=It has	creation/post_982:#originalTopic=Has_evolution_been_scientifically_proved
creation/post_983:#originalStanceText=It has	creation/post_983:#originalTopic=Has_evolution_been_scientifically_proved
creation/post_984:#originalStanceText=It has not	creation/post_984:#originalTopic=Has_evolution_been_scientifically_proved
creation/post_985:#originalStanceText=It has	creation/post_985:#originalTopic=Has_evolution_been_scientifically_proved
creation/post_986:#originalStanceText=It has not	creation/post_986:#originalTopic=Has_evolution_been_scientifically_proved
creation/post_987:#originalStanceText=It has not	creation/post_987:#originalTopic=Has_evolution_been_scientifically_proved
creation/post_988:#originalStanceText=It has	creation/post_988:#originalTopic=Has_evolution_been_scientifically_proved
creation/post_989:#originalStanceText=It has not	creation/post_989:#originalTopic=Has_evolution_been_scientifically_proved
creation/post_99:#originalStanceText=Yes	creation/post_99:#originalTopic=does-intelligent-design-have-merit
creation/post_990:#originalStanceText=It has	creation/post_990:#originalTopic=Has_evolution_been_scientifically_proved
creation/post_991:#originalStanceText=It has	creation/post_991:#originalTopic=Has_evolution_been_scientifically_proved
creation/post_992:#originalStanceText=It has not	creation/post_992:#originalTopic=Has_evolution_been_scientifically_proved
creation/post_993:#originalStanceText=It has	creation/post_993:#originalTopic=Has_evolution_been_scientifically_proved
creation/post_994:#originalStanceText=It has	creation/post_994:#originalTopic=Has_evolution_been_scientifically_proved
creation/post_995:#originalStanceText=It has not	creation/post_995:#originalTopic=Has_evolution_been_scientifically_proved
creation/post_996:#originalStanceText=It has not	creation/post_996:#originalTopic=Has_evolution_been_scientifically_proved
creation/post_997:#originalStanceText=It has	creation/post_997:#originalTopic=Has_evolution_been_scientifically_proved
creation/post_998:#originalStanceText=It has not	creation/post_998:#originalTopic=Has_evolution_been_scientifically_proved
creation/post_999:#originalStanceText=It has	creation/post_999:#originalTopic=Has_evolution_been_scientifically_proved
gayRights/post_0:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_0:#originalTopic=Debate:_Adoption_of_children_by_same-sex_couples
gayRights/post_1:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1:#originalTopic=Debate:_Adoption_of_children_by_same-sex_couples
gayRights/post_10:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_10:#originalTopic=Debate:_Adoption_of_children_by_same-sex_couples
gayRights/post_100:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_100:#originalTopic=Debate:_Same_sex_marriage_ban
gayRights/post_1000:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1000:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1001:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1001:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1002:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1002:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1003:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1003:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1004:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1004:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1005:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1005:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1006:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1006:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1007:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1007:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1008:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1008:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1009:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1009:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_101:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_101:#originalTopic=Debate:_Same_sex_marriage_ban
gayRights/post_1010:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1010:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1011:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1011:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1012:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1012:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1013:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1013:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1014:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1014:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1015:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1015:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1016:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1016:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1017:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1017:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1018:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1018:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1019:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1019:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_102:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_102:#originalTopic=Debate:_Same_sex_marriage_ban
gayRights/post_1020:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1020:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1021:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1021:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1022:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1022:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1023:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1023:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1024:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1024:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1025:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1025:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1026:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1026:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1027:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1027:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1028:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1028:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1029:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1029:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_103:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_103:#originalTopic=Debate:_Same_sex_marriage_ban
gayRights/post_1030:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1030:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1031:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1031:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1032:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1032:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1033:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1033:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1034:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1034:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1035:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1035:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1036:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1036:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1037:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1037:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1038:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1038:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1039:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1039:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_104:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_104:#originalTopic=Debate:_Same_sex_marriage_ban
gayRights/post_1040:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1040:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1041:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1041:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1042:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1042:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1043:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1043:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1044:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1044:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1045:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1045:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1046:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1046:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1047:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1047:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1048:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1048:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1049:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1049:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_105:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_105:#originalTopic=Debate:_Same_sex_marriage_ban
gayRights/post_1050:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1050:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1051:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1051:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1052:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1052:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1053:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1053:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1054:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1054:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1055:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1055:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1056:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1056:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1057:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1057:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1058:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1058:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1059:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1059:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_106:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_106:#originalTopic=Debate:_Same_sex_marriage_ban
gayRights/post_1060:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1060:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1061:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1061:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1062:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1062:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1063:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1063:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1064:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1064:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1065:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1065:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1066:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1066:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1067:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1067:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1068:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1068:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1069:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1069:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_107:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_107:#originalTopic=Debate:_Same_sex_marriage_ban
gayRights/post_1070:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1070:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1071:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1071:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1072:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1072:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1073:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1073:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1074:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1074:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1075:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1075:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1076:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1076:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1077:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1077:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1078:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1078:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1079:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1079:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_108:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_108:#originalTopic=Debate:_Same_sex_marriage_ban
gayRights/post_1080:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1080:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1081:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1081:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1082:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1082:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1083:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1083:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1084:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1084:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1085:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1085:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1086:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1086:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1087:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1087:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1088:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1088:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1089:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1089:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_109:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_109:#originalTopic=Debate:_Same_sex_marriage_ban
gayRights/post_1090:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1090:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1091:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1091:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1092:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1092:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1093:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1093:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1094:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1094:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1095:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1095:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1096:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1096:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1097:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1097:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1098:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1098:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1099:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1099:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_11:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_11:#originalTopic=Debate:_Adoption_of_children_by_same-sex_couples
gayRights/post_110:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_110:#originalTopic=Debate:_Same_sex_marriage_ban
gayRights/post_1100:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1100:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1101:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1101:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1102:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1102:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1103:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1103:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1104:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1104:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1105:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1105:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1106:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1106:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1107:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1107:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1108:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1108:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1109:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1109:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_111:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_111:#originalTopic=Debate:_Same_sex_marriage_ban
gayRights/post_1110:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1110:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1111:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1111:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1112:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1112:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1113:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1113:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1114:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1114:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1115:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1115:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1116:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1116:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1117:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1117:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1118:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1118:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1119:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1119:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_112:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_112:#originalTopic=Debate:_Same_sex_marriage_ban
gayRights/post_1120:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1120:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1121:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1121:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1122:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1122:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1123:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1123:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1124:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1124:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1125:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1125:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1126:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1126:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1127:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1127:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1128:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1128:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1129:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1129:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_113:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_113:#originalTopic=Debate:_Same_sex_marriage_ban
gayRights/post_1130:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1130:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1131:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1131:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1132:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1132:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1133:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1133:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1134:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1134:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1135:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1135:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1136:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1136:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1137:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1137:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1138:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1138:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1139:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1139:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_114:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_114:#originalTopic=Debate:_Same_sex_marriage_ban
gayRights/post_1140:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1140:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1141:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1141:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1142:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1142:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1143:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1143:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1144:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1144:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1145:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1145:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1146:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1146:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1147:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1147:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1148:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1148:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1149:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1149:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_115:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_115:#originalTopic=Debate:_Same_sex_marriage_ban
gayRights/post_1150:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1150:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1151:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1151:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1152:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1152:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1153:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1153:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1154:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1154:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1155:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1155:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1156:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1156:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1157:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1157:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1158:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1158:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1159:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1159:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_116:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_116:#originalTopic=Debate:_Same_sex_marriage_ban
gayRights/post_1160:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1160:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1161:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1161:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1162:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1162:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1163:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1163:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1164:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1164:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1165:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1165:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1166:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1166:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1167:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1167:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1168:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1168:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1169:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1169:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_117:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_117:#originalTopic=Debate:_Same_sex_marriage_ban
gayRights/post_1170:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1170:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1171:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1171:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1172:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1172:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1173:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1173:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1174:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1174:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1175:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1175:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1176:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1176:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1177:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1177:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1178:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1178:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1179:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1179:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_118:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_118:#originalTopic=Debate:_Same_sex_marriage_ban
gayRights/post_1180:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1180:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1181:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1181:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1182:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1182:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1183:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1183:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1184:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1184:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1185:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1185:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1186:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1186:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1187:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1187:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1188:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1188:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1189:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1189:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_119:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_119:#originalTopic=Debate:_Same_sex_marriage_ban
gayRights/post_1190:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1190:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1191:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1191:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1192:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1192:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1193:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1193:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1194:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1194:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1195:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1195:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1196:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1196:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1197:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1197:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1198:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1198:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1199:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1199:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_12:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_12:#originalTopic=Debate:_Adoption_of_children_by_same-sex_couples
gayRights/post_120:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_120:#originalTopic=Debate:_Same_sex_marriage_ban
gayRights/post_1200:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1200:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1201:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1201:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1202:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1202:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1203:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1203:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1204:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1204:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1205:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1205:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1206:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1206:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1207:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1207:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1208:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1208:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1209:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1209:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_121:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_121:#originalTopic=Debate:_Same_sex_marriage_ban
gayRights/post_1210:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1210:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1211:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1211:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1212:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1212:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1213:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1213:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1214:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1214:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1215:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1215:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1216:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1216:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1217:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1217:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1218:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1218:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1219:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1219:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_122:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_122:#originalTopic=Debate:_Same_sex_marriage_ban
gayRights/post_1220:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1220:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1221:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1221:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1222:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1222:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1223:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1223:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1224:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1224:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1225:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1225:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1226:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1226:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1227:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1227:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1228:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1228:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1229:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1229:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_123:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_123:#originalTopic=Debate:_Same_sex_marriage_ban
gayRights/post_1230:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1230:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1231:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1231:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1232:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1232:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1233:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1233:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1234:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1234:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1235:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1235:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1236:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1236:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1237:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1237:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1238:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1238:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1239:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1239:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_124:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_124:#originalTopic=Debate:_Same_sex_marriage_ban
gayRights/post_1240:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1240:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1241:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1241:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1242:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1242:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1243:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1243:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1244:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1244:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1245:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1245:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1246:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1246:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1247:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1247:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1248:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1248:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1249:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1249:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_125:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_125:#originalTopic=Debate:_Same_sex_marriage_ban
gayRights/post_1250:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1250:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1251:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1251:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1252:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1252:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1253:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1253:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1254:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1254:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1255:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1255:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1256:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1256:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1257:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1257:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1258:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1258:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1259:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1259:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_126:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_126:#originalTopic=Debate:_Same_sex_marriage_ban
gayRights/post_1260:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1260:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1261:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1261:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1262:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1262:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1263:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1263:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1264:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1264:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1265:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1265:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1266:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1266:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1267:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1267:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1268:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_1268:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_1269:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1269:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_127:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_127:#originalTopic=Debate:_Same_sex_marriage_ban
gayRights/post_1270:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1270:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1271:#originalStanceText=No, gays should not adopt	gayRights/post_1271:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1272:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1272:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1273:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1273:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1274:#originalStanceText=No, gays should not adopt	gayRights/post_1274:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1275:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1275:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1276:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1276:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1277:#originalStanceText=No, gays should not adopt	gayRights/post_1277:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1278:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1278:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1279:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1279:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_128:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_128:#originalTopic=Debate:_Same_sex_marriage_ban
gayRights/post_1280:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1280:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1281:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1281:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1282:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1282:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1283:#originalStanceText=No, gays should not adopt	gayRights/post_1283:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1284:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1284:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1285:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1285:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1286:#originalStanceText=No, gays should not adopt	gayRights/post_1286:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1287:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1287:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1288:#originalStanceText=No, gays should not adopt	gayRights/post_1288:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1289:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1289:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_129:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_129:#originalTopic=Debate:_Same_sex_marriage_ban
gayRights/post_1290:#originalStanceText=No, gays should not adopt	gayRights/post_1290:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1291:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1291:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1292:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1292:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1293:#originalStanceText=No, gays should not adopt	gayRights/post_1293:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1294:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1294:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1295:#originalStanceText=No, gays should not adopt	gayRights/post_1295:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1296:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1296:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1297:#originalStanceText=No, gays should not adopt	gayRights/post_1297:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1298:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1298:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1299:#originalStanceText=No, gays should not adopt	gayRights/post_1299:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_13:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_13:#originalTopic=Debate:_Adoption_of_children_by_same-sex_couples
gayRights/post_130:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_130:#originalTopic=Debate:_Same_sex_marriage_ban
gayRights/post_1300:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1300:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1301:#originalStanceText=No, gays should not adopt	gayRights/post_1301:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1302:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1302:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1303:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1303:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1304:#originalStanceText=No, gays should not adopt	gayRights/post_1304:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1305:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1305:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1306:#originalStanceText=No, gays should not adopt	gayRights/post_1306:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1307:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1307:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1308:#originalStanceText=No, gays should not adopt	gayRights/post_1308:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1309:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1309:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_131:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_131:#originalTopic=Debate:_Same_sex_marriage_ban
gayRights/post_1310:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1310:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1311:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1311:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1312:#originalStanceText=No, gays should not adopt	gayRights/post_1312:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1313:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1313:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1314:#originalStanceText=No, gays should not adopt	gayRights/post_1314:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1315:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1315:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1316:#originalStanceText=No, gays should not adopt	gayRights/post_1316:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1317:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1317:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1318:#originalStanceText=No, gays should not adopt	gayRights/post_1318:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1319:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1319:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_132:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_132:#originalTopic=Debate:_Same_sex_marriage_ban
gayRights/post_1320:#originalStanceText=No, gays should not adopt	gayRights/post_1320:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1321:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1321:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1322:#originalStanceText=No, gays should not adopt	gayRights/post_1322:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1323:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1323:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1324:#originalStanceText=No, gays should not adopt	gayRights/post_1324:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1325:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1325:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1326:#originalStanceText=No, gays should not adopt	gayRights/post_1326:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1327:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1327:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1328:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1328:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1329:#originalStanceText=No, gays should not adopt	gayRights/post_1329:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_133:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_133:#originalTopic=Debate:_Same_sex_marriage_ban
gayRights/post_1330:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1330:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1331:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1331:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1332:#originalStanceText=No, gays should not adopt	gayRights/post_1332:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1333:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1333:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1334:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1334:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1335:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1335:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1336:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1336:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1337:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1337:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1338:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1338:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1339:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1339:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_134:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_134:#originalTopic=Debate:_Same_sex_marriage_ban
gayRights/post_1340:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1340:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1341:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1341:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1342:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1342:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1343:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1343:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1344:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1344:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1345:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1345:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1346:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1346:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1347:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1347:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1348:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1348:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1349:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1349:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_135:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_135:#originalTopic=Debate:_Same_sex_marriage_ban
gayRights/post_1350:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1350:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1351:#originalStanceText=No, gays should not adopt	gayRights/post_1351:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1352:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1352:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1353:#originalStanceText=No, gays should not adopt	gayRights/post_1353:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1354:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1354:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1355:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1355:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1356:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1356:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1357:#originalStanceText=No, gays should not adopt	gayRights/post_1357:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1358:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1358:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1359:#originalStanceText=No, gays should not adopt	gayRights/post_1359:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_136:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_136:#originalTopic=Debate:_Same_sex_marriage_ban
gayRights/post_1360:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1360:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1361:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1361:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1362:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1362:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1363:#originalStanceText=No, gays should not adopt	gayRights/post_1363:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1364:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1364:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1365:#originalStanceText=No, gays should not adopt	gayRights/post_1365:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1366:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1366:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1367:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1367:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1368:#originalStanceText=No, gays should not adopt	gayRights/post_1368:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1369:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1369:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_137:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_137:#originalTopic=Debate:_Same_sex_marriage_ban
gayRights/post_1370:#originalStanceText=No, gays should not adopt	gayRights/post_1370:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1371:#originalStanceText=No, gays should not adopt	gayRights/post_1371:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1372:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1372:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1373:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1373:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1374:#originalStanceText=No, gays should not adopt	gayRights/post_1374:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1375:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1375:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1376:#originalStanceText=No, gays should not adopt	gayRights/post_1376:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1377:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1377:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1378:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1378:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1379:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1379:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_138:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_138:#originalTopic=Debate:_Same_sex_marriage_ban
gayRights/post_1380:#originalStanceText=No, gays should not adopt	gayRights/post_1380:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1381:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1381:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1382:#originalStanceText=No, gays should not adopt	gayRights/post_1382:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1383:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1383:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1384:#originalStanceText=No, gays should not adopt	gayRights/post_1384:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1385:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1385:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1386:#originalStanceText=No, gays should not adopt	gayRights/post_1386:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1387:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1387:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1388:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1388:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1389:#originalStanceText=No, gays should not adopt	gayRights/post_1389:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_139:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_139:#originalTopic=Debate:_Same_sex_marriage_ban
gayRights/post_1390:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1390:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1391:#originalStanceText=No, gays should not adopt	gayRights/post_1391:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1392:#originalStanceText=No, gays should not adopt	gayRights/post_1392:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1393:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1393:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1394:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1394:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1395:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1395:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1396:#originalStanceText=No, gays should not adopt	gayRights/post_1396:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1397:#originalStanceText=No, gays should not adopt	gayRights/post_1397:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1398:#originalStanceText=No, gays should not adopt	gayRights/post_1398:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1399:#originalStanceText=No, gays should not adopt	gayRights/post_1399:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_14:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_14:#originalTopic=Debate:_Adoption_of_children_by_same-sex_couples
gayRights/post_140:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_140:#originalTopic=Debate:_Same_sex_marriage_ban
gayRights/post_1400:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1400:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1401:#originalStanceText=No, gays should not adopt	gayRights/post_1401:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1402:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1402:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1403:#originalStanceText=No, gays should not adopt	gayRights/post_1403:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1404:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1404:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1405:#originalStanceText=No, gays should not adopt	gayRights/post_1405:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1406:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1406:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1407:#originalStanceText=No, gays should not adopt	gayRights/post_1407:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1408:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1408:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1409:#originalStanceText=No, gays should not adopt	gayRights/post_1409:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_141:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_141:#originalTopic=Debate:_Same_sex_marriage_ban
gayRights/post_1410:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1410:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1411:#originalStanceText=No, gays should not adopt	gayRights/post_1411:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1412:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1412:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1413:#originalStanceText=No, gays should not adopt	gayRights/post_1413:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1414:#originalStanceText=No, gays should not adopt	gayRights/post_1414:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1415:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1415:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1416:#originalStanceText=No, gays should not adopt	gayRights/post_1416:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1417:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1417:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1418:#originalStanceText=No, gays should not adopt	gayRights/post_1418:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1419:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1419:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_142:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_142:#originalTopic=Debate:_Same_sex_marriage_ban
gayRights/post_1420:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1420:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1421:#originalStanceText=No, gays should not adopt	gayRights/post_1421:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1422:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1422:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1423:#originalStanceText=No, gays should not adopt	gayRights/post_1423:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1424:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1424:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1425:#originalStanceText=No, gays should not adopt	gayRights/post_1425:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1426:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1426:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1427:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1427:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1428:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1428:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1429:#originalStanceText=No, gays should not adopt	gayRights/post_1429:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_143:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_143:#originalTopic=Debate:_Same_sex_marriage_ban
gayRights/post_1430:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1430:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1431:#originalStanceText=No, gays should not adopt	gayRights/post_1431:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1432:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1432:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1433:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1433:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1434:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1434:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1435:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1435:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1436:#originalStanceText=No, gays should not adopt	gayRights/post_1436:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1437:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1437:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1438:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1438:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1439:#originalStanceText=No, gays should not adopt	gayRights/post_1439:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_144:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_144:#originalTopic=Debate:_Same_sex_marriage_ban
gayRights/post_1440:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1440:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1441:#originalStanceText=No, gays should not adopt	gayRights/post_1441:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1442:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1442:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1443:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1443:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1444:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1444:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1445:#originalStanceText=No, gays should not adopt	gayRights/post_1445:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1446:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1446:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1447:#originalStanceText=No, gays should not adopt	gayRights/post_1447:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1448:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1448:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1449:#originalStanceText=No, gays should not adopt	gayRights/post_1449:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_145:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_145:#originalTopic=Debate:_Same_sex_marriage_ban
gayRights/post_1450:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1450:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1451:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1451:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1452:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1452:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1453:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1453:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1454:#originalStanceText=No, gays should not adopt	gayRights/post_1454:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1455:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1455:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1456:#originalStanceText=No, gays should not adopt	gayRights/post_1456:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1457:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1457:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1458:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1458:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_1459:#originalStanceText=Yes, gays should adopt	gayRights/post_1459:#originalTopic=Gay_Adoption
gayRights/post_146:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_146:#originalTopic=Debate:_Same_sex_marriage_ban
gayRights/post_1460:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1460:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1461:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1461:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1462:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1462:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1463:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1463:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1464:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1464:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1465:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1465:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1466:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1466:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1467:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1467:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1468:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1468:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1469:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1469:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_147:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_147:#originalTopic=Debate:_Same_sex_marriage_ban
gayRights/post_1470:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1470:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1471:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1471:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1472:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1472:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1473:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1473:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1474:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1474:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1475:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1475:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1476:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1476:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1477:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1477:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1478:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1478:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1479:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1479:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_148:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_148:#originalTopic=Debate:_Same_sex_marriage_ban
gayRights/post_1480:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1480:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1481:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1481:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1482:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1482:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1483:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1483:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1484:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1484:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1485:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1485:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1486:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1486:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1487:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1487:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1488:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1488:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1489:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1489:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_149:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_149:#originalTopic=Debate:_Same_sex_marriage_ban
gayRights/post_1490:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1490:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1491:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1491:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1492:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1492:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1493:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1493:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1494:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1494:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1495:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1495:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1496:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1496:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1497:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1497:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1498:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1498:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1499:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1499:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_15:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_15:#originalTopic=Debate:_Adoption_of_children_by_same-sex_couples
gayRights/post_150:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_150:#originalTopic=Debate:_Same_sex_marriage_ban
gayRights/post_1500:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1500:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1501:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1501:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1502:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1502:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1503:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1503:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1504:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1504:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1505:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1505:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1506:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1506:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1507:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1507:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1508:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1508:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1509:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1509:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_151:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_151:#originalTopic=Debate:_Same_sex_marriage_ban
gayRights/post_1510:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1510:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1511:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1511:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1512:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1512:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1513:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1513:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1514:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1514:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1515:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1515:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1516:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1516:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1517:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1517:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1518:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1518:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1519:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1519:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_152:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_152:#originalTopic=Debate:_Same_sex_marriage_ban
gayRights/post_1520:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1520:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1521:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1521:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1522:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1522:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1523:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1523:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1524:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1524:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1525:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1525:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1526:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1526:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1527:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1527:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1528:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1528:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1529:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1529:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_153:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_153:#originalTopic=Debate:_Same_sex_marriage_ban
gayRights/post_1530:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1530:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1531:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1531:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1532:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1532:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1533:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1533:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1534:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1534:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1535:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1535:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1536:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1536:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1537:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1537:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1538:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1538:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1539:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1539:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_154:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_154:#originalTopic=Debate:_Same_sex_marriage_ban
gayRights/post_1540:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1540:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1541:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1541:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1542:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1542:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1543:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1543:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1544:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1544:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1545:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1545:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1546:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1546:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1547:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1547:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1548:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1548:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1549:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1549:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_155:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_155:#originalTopic=Debate:_Same_sex_marriage_ban
gayRights/post_1550:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1550:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1551:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1551:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1552:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1552:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1553:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1553:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1554:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1554:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1555:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1555:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1556:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1556:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1557:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1557:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1558:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1558:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1559:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1559:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_156:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_156:#originalTopic=Debate:_Same_sex_marriage_ban
gayRights/post_1560:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1560:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1561:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1561:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1562:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1562:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1563:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1563:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1564:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1564:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1565:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1565:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1566:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1566:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1567:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1567:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1568:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1568:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1569:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1569:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_157:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_157:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_1570:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1570:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1571:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1571:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1572:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1572:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1573:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1573:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1574:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1574:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1575:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1575:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1576:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1576:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1577:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1577:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1578:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1578:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1579:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1579:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_158:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_158:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_1580:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1580:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1581:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1581:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1582:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1582:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1583:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1583:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1584:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1584:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1585:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1585:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1586:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1586:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1587:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1587:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1588:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1588:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1589:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1589:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_159:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_159:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_1590:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1590:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1591:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1591:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1592:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1592:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1593:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1593:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1594:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1594:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1595:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1595:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1596:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1596:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1597:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1597:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1598:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1598:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1599:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1599:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_16:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_16:#originalTopic=Debate:_Adoption_of_children_by_same-sex_couples
gayRights/post_160:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_160:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_1600:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1600:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1601:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1601:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1602:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1602:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1603:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1603:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1604:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1604:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1605:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1605:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1606:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1606:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1607:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1607:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1608:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1608:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1609:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1609:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_161:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_161:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_1610:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1610:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1611:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1611:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1612:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1612:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1613:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1613:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1614:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1614:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1615:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1615:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1616:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1616:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1617:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1617:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1618:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1618:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1619:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1619:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_162:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_162:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_1620:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1620:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1621:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1621:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1622:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1622:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1623:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1623:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1624:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1624:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1625:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1625:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1626:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1626:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1627:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1627:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1628:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1628:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1629:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1629:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_163:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_163:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_1630:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1630:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1631:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1631:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1632:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1632:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1633:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1633:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1634:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1634:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1635:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1635:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1636:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1636:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1637:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1637:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1638:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1638:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1639:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1639:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_164:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_164:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_1640:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1640:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1641:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1641:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1642:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1642:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1643:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1643:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1644:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1644:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1645:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1645:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1646:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1646:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1647:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1647:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1648:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1648:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1649:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1649:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_165:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_165:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_1650:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1650:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1651:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1651:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1652:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1652:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1653:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1653:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1654:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1654:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1655:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1655:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1656:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1656:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1657:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1657:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1658:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1658:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1659:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1659:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_166:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_166:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_1660:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1660:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1661:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1661:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1662:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1662:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1663:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1663:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1664:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1664:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1665:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1665:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1666:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1666:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1667:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1667:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1668:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1668:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1669:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1669:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_167:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_167:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_1670:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1670:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1671:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1671:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1672:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1672:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1673:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1673:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1674:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1674:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1675:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1675:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1676:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1676:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1677:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1677:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1678:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1678:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1679:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1679:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_168:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_168:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_1680:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1680:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1681:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1681:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1682:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1682:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1683:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1683:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1684:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1684:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1685:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1685:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1686:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1686:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1687:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1687:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1688:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1688:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1689:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1689:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_169:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_169:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_1690:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1690:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1691:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1691:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1692:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1692:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1693:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1693:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1694:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1694:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1695:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1695:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1696:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1696:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1697:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1697:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1698:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1698:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1699:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1699:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_17:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_17:#originalTopic=Debate:_Adoption_of_children_by_same-sex_couples
gayRights/post_170:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_170:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_1700:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1700:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1701:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1701:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1702:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1702:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1703:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1703:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1704:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1704:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1705:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1705:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1706:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1706:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1707:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1707:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1708:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1708:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1709:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1709:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_171:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_171:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_1710:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1710:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1711:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1711:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1712:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1712:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1713:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1713:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1714:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1714:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1715:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1715:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1716:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1716:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1717:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1717:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1718:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1718:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1719:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1719:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_172:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_172:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_1720:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1720:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1721:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1721:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1722:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1722:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1723:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1723:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1724:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1724:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1725:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1725:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1726:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1726:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1727:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1727:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1728:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1728:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1729:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1729:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_173:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_173:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_1730:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1730:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1731:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1731:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1732:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1732:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1733:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1733:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1734:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1734:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1735:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1735:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1736:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1736:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1737:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1737:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1738:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1738:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1739:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1739:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_174:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_174:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_1740:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1740:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1741:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1741:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1742:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1742:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1743:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1743:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1744:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1744:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1745:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1745:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1746:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1746:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1747:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1747:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1748:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1748:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1749:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1749:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_175:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_175:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_1750:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1750:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1751:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1751:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1752:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1752:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1753:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1753:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1754:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1754:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1755:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1755:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1756:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1756:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1757:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1757:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1758:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1758:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1759:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1759:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_176:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_176:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_1760:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1760:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1761:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1761:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1762:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1762:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1763:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1763:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1764:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1764:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1765:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1765:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1766:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1766:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1767:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1767:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1768:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1768:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1769:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1769:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_177:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_177:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_1770:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1770:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1771:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1771:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1772:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1772:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1773:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1773:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1774:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1774:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1775:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1775:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1776:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1776:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1777:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1777:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1778:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1778:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1779:#originalStanceText=Hurts everyone?	gayRights/post_1779:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_178:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_178:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_1780:#originalStanceText=Doesnt hurt anyone	gayRights/post_1780:#originalTopic=How_can_gay_marriage_hurt_any_one
gayRights/post_1781:#originalStanceText=No, it's fine!	gayRights/post_1781:#originalTopic=Is_Homosexuality_a_bad_thing
gayRights/post_1782:#originalStanceText=No, it's fine!	gayRights/post_1782:#originalTopic=Is_Homosexuality_a_bad_thing
gayRights/post_1783:#originalStanceText=No, it's fine!	gayRights/post_1783:#originalTopic=Is_Homosexuality_a_bad_thing
gayRights/post_1784:#originalStanceText=No, it's fine!	gayRights/post_1784:#originalTopic=Is_Homosexuality_a_bad_thing
gayRights/post_1785:#originalStanceText=No, it's fine!	gayRights/post_1785:#originalTopic=Is_Homosexuality_a_bad_thing
gayRights/post_1786:#originalStanceText=No, it's fine!	gayRights/post_1786:#originalTopic=Is_Homosexuality_a_bad_thing
gayRights/post_1787:#originalStanceText=No, it's fine!	gayRights/post_1787:#originalTopic=Is_Homosexuality_a_bad_thing
gayRights/post_1788:#originalStanceText=No, it's fine!	gayRights/post_1788:#originalTopic=Is_Homosexuality_a_bad_thing
gayRights/post_1789:#originalStanceText=No, it's fine!	gayRights/post_1789:#originalTopic=Is_Homosexuality_a_bad_thing
gayRights/post_179:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_179:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_1790:#originalStanceText=No, it's fine!	gayRights/post_1790:#originalTopic=Is_Homosexuality_a_bad_thing
gayRights/post_1791:#originalStanceText=No, it's fine!	gayRights/post_1791:#originalTopic=Is_Homosexuality_a_bad_thing
gayRights/post_1792:#originalStanceText=No, it's fine!	gayRights/post_1792:#originalTopic=Is_Homosexuality_a_bad_thing
gayRights/post_1793:#originalStanceText=No, it's fine!	gayRights/post_1793:#originalTopic=Is_Homosexuality_a_bad_thing
gayRights/post_1794:#originalStanceText=No, it's fine!	gayRights/post_1794:#originalTopic=Is_Homosexuality_a_bad_thing
gayRights/post_1795:#originalStanceText=No, it's fine!	gayRights/post_1795:#originalTopic=Is_Homosexuality_a_bad_thing
gayRights/post_1796:#originalStanceText=No, it's fine!	gayRights/post_1796:#originalTopic=Is_Homosexuality_a_bad_thing
gayRights/post_1797:#originalStanceText=No, it's fine!	gayRights/post_1797:#originalTopic=Is_Homosexuality_a_bad_thing
gayRights/post_1798:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_1798:#originalTopic=Is_homosexuality_a_sin
gayRights/post_1799:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_1799:#originalTopic=Is_homosexuality_a_sin
gayRights/post_18:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_18:#originalTopic=Debate:_Adoption_of_children_by_same-sex_couples
gayRights/post_180:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_180:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_1800:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1800:#originalTopic=Is_homosexuality_a_sin
gayRights/post_1801:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_1801:#originalTopic=Is_homosexuality_a_sin
gayRights/post_1802:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_1802:#originalTopic=Is_homosexuality_a_sin
gayRights/post_1803:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_1803:#originalTopic=Is_homosexuality_a_sin
gayRights/post_1804:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_1804:#originalTopic=Is_homosexuality_a_sin
gayRights/post_1805:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_1805:#originalTopic=Is_homosexuality_a_sin
gayRights/post_1806:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_1806:#originalTopic=Is_homosexuality_a_sin
gayRights/post_1807:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_1807:#originalTopic=Is_homosexuality_a_sin
gayRights/post_1808:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_1808:#originalTopic=Is_homosexuality_a_sin
gayRights/post_1809:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1809:#originalTopic=Is_homosexuality_a_sin
gayRights/post_181:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_181:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_1810:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1810:#originalTopic=Is_homosexuality_a_sin
gayRights/post_1811:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1811:#originalTopic=Is_homosexuality_a_sin
gayRights/post_1812:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1812:#originalTopic=Is_homosexuality_a_sin
gayRights/post_1813:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1813:#originalTopic=Is_homosexuality_a_sin
gayRights/post_1814:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1814:#originalTopic=Is_homosexuality_a_sin
gayRights/post_1815:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1815:#originalTopic=Is_homosexuality_a_sin
gayRights/post_1816:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1816:#originalTopic=Is_homosexuality_a_sin
gayRights/post_1817:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1817:#originalTopic=Is_homosexuality_a_sin
gayRights/post_1818:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1818:#originalTopic=Is_homosexuality_a_sin
gayRights/post_1819:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1819:#originalTopic=Is_homosexuality_a_sin
gayRights/post_182:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_182:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_1820:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1820:#originalTopic=Is_homosexuality_a_sin
gayRights/post_1821:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1821:#originalTopic=Is_homosexuality_a_sin
gayRights/post_1822:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1822:#originalTopic=Is_homosexuality_a_sin
gayRights/post_1823:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1823:#originalTopic=Is_homosexuality_a_sin
gayRights/post_1824:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_1824:#originalTopic=Is_homosexuality_a_sin
gayRights/post_1825:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_1825:#originalTopic=Is_homosexuality_a_sin
gayRights/post_1826:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_1826:#originalTopic=Is_homosexuality_a_sin
gayRights/post_1827:#originalStanceText=Nope!	gayRights/post_1827:#originalTopic=Is_homosexuality_morally_wrong_2
gayRights/post_1828:#originalStanceText=Yes, it goes against nature!	gayRights/post_1828:#originalTopic=Is_homosexuality_morally_wrong_2
gayRights/post_1829:#originalStanceText=Nope!	gayRights/post_1829:#originalTopic=Is_homosexuality_morally_wrong_2
gayRights/post_183:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_183:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_1830:#originalStanceText=Nope!	gayRights/post_1830:#originalTopic=Is_homosexuality_morally_wrong_2
gayRights/post_1831:#originalStanceText=Yes, it goes against nature!	gayRights/post_1831:#originalTopic=Is_homosexuality_morally_wrong_2
gayRights/post_1832:#originalStanceText=Nope!	gayRights/post_1832:#originalTopic=Is_homosexuality_morally_wrong_2
gayRights/post_1833:#originalStanceText=Yes, it goes against nature!	gayRights/post_1833:#originalTopic=Is_homosexuality_morally_wrong_2
gayRights/post_1834:#originalStanceText=Nope!	gayRights/post_1834:#originalTopic=Is_homosexuality_morally_wrong_2
gayRights/post_1835:#originalStanceText=Yes, it goes against nature!	gayRights/post_1835:#originalTopic=Is_homosexuality_morally_wrong_2
gayRights/post_1836:#originalStanceText=Yes, it goes against nature!	gayRights/post_1836:#originalTopic=Is_homosexuality_morally_wrong_2
gayRights/post_1837:#originalStanceText=Nope!	gayRights/post_1837:#originalTopic=Is_homosexuality_morally_wrong_2
gayRights/post_1838:#originalStanceText=Nope!	gayRights/post_1838:#originalTopic=Is_homosexuality_morally_wrong_2
gayRights/post_1839:#originalStanceText=Nope!	gayRights/post_1839:#originalTopic=Is_homosexuality_morally_wrong_2
gayRights/post_184:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_184:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_1840:#originalStanceText=Yes, it goes against nature!	gayRights/post_1840:#originalTopic=Is_homosexuality_morally_wrong_2
gayRights/post_1841:#originalStanceText=Nope!	gayRights/post_1841:#originalTopic=Is_homosexuality_morally_wrong_2
gayRights/post_1842:#originalStanceText=Yes, it goes against nature!	gayRights/post_1842:#originalTopic=Is_homosexuality_morally_wrong_2
gayRights/post_1843:#originalStanceText=Nope!	gayRights/post_1843:#originalTopic=Is_homosexuality_morally_wrong_2
gayRights/post_1844:#originalStanceText=Nope!	gayRights/post_1844:#originalTopic=Is_homosexuality_morally_wrong_2
gayRights/post_1845:#originalStanceText=Nope!	gayRights/post_1845:#originalTopic=Is_homosexuality_morally_wrong_2
gayRights/post_1846:#originalStanceText=Nope!	gayRights/post_1846:#originalTopic=Is_homosexuality_morally_wrong_2
gayRights/post_1847:#originalStanceText=Nope!	gayRights/post_1847:#originalTopic=Is_homosexuality_morally_wrong_2
gayRights/post_1848:#originalStanceText=Nope!	gayRights/post_1848:#originalTopic=Is_homosexuality_morally_wrong_2
gayRights/post_1849:#originalStanceText=Nope!	gayRights/post_1849:#originalTopic=Is_homosexuality_morally_wrong_2
gayRights/post_185:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_185:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_1850:#originalStanceText=Nope!	gayRights/post_1850:#originalTopic=Is_homosexuality_morally_wrong_2
gayRights/post_1851:#originalStanceText=Nope!	gayRights/post_1851:#originalTopic=Is_homosexuality_morally_wrong_2
gayRights/post_1852:#originalStanceText=Gays and lesbians should be	gayRights/post_1852:#originalTopic=Should_gays_and_lesbians_be_allowed_to_marry
gayRights/post_1853:#originalStanceText=Gays and lesbians should be	gayRights/post_1853:#originalTopic=Should_gays_and_lesbians_be_allowed_to_marry
gayRights/post_1854:#originalStanceText=Gays and lesbians should be	gayRights/post_1854:#originalTopic=Should_gays_and_lesbians_be_allowed_to_marry
gayRights/post_1855:#originalStanceText=Gays and lesbians should be	gayRights/post_1855:#originalTopic=Should_gays_and_lesbians_be_allowed_to_marry
gayRights/post_1856:#originalStanceText=Gays and lesbians should be	gayRights/post_1856:#originalTopic=Should_gays_and_lesbians_be_allowed_to_marry
gayRights/post_1857:#originalStanceText=Gays and lesbians should be	gayRights/post_1857:#originalTopic=Should_gays_and_lesbians_be_allowed_to_marry
gayRights/post_1858:#originalStanceText=Gays and lesbians shouldn't be	gayRights/post_1858:#originalTopic=Should_gays_and_lesbians_be_allowed_to_marry
gayRights/post_1859:#originalStanceText=Gays and lesbians should be	gayRights/post_1859:#originalTopic=Should_gays_and_lesbians_be_allowed_to_marry
gayRights/post_186:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_186:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_1860:#originalStanceText=Gays and lesbians shouldn't be	gayRights/post_1860:#originalTopic=Should_gays_and_lesbians_be_allowed_to_marry
gayRights/post_1861:#originalStanceText=Gays and lesbians should be	gayRights/post_1861:#originalTopic=Should_gays_and_lesbians_be_allowed_to_marry
gayRights/post_1862:#originalStanceText=Gays and lesbians shouldn't be	gayRights/post_1862:#originalTopic=Should_gays_and_lesbians_be_allowed_to_marry
gayRights/post_1863:#originalStanceText=Gays and lesbians shouldn't be	gayRights/post_1863:#originalTopic=Should_gays_and_lesbians_be_allowed_to_marry
gayRights/post_1864:#originalStanceText=Gays and lesbians shouldn't be	gayRights/post_1864:#originalTopic=Should_gays_and_lesbians_be_allowed_to_marry
gayRights/post_1865:#originalStanceText=Gays and lesbians shouldn't be	gayRights/post_1865:#originalTopic=Should_gays_and_lesbians_be_allowed_to_marry
gayRights/post_1866:#originalStanceText=Gays and lesbians shouldn't be	gayRights/post_1866:#originalTopic=Should_gays_and_lesbians_be_allowed_to_marry
gayRights/post_1867:#originalStanceText=Gays and lesbians shouldn't be	gayRights/post_1867:#originalTopic=Should_gays_and_lesbians_be_allowed_to_marry
gayRights/post_1868:#originalStanceText=NO!!!	gayRights/post_1868:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1869:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_1869:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_187:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_187:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_1870:#originalStanceText=NO!!!	gayRights/post_1870:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1871:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_1871:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1872:#originalStanceText=NO!!!	gayRights/post_1872:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1873:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_1873:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1874:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_1874:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1875:#originalStanceText=NO!!!	gayRights/post_1875:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1876:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_1876:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1877:#originalStanceText=NO!!!	gayRights/post_1877:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1878:#originalStanceText=NO!!!	gayRights/post_1878:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1879:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_1879:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_188:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_188:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_1880:#originalStanceText=NO!!!	gayRights/post_1880:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1881:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_1881:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1882:#originalStanceText=NO!!!	gayRights/post_1882:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1883:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_1883:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1884:#originalStanceText=NO!!!	gayRights/post_1884:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1885:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_1885:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1886:#originalStanceText=NO!!!	gayRights/post_1886:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1887:#originalStanceText=NO!!!	gayRights/post_1887:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1888:#originalStanceText=NO!!!	gayRights/post_1888:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1889:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_1889:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_189:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_189:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_1890:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_1890:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1891:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_1891:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1892:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_1892:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1893:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_1893:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1894:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_1894:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1895:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_1895:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1896:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_1896:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1897:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_1897:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1898:#originalStanceText=NO!!!	gayRights/post_1898:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1899:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_1899:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_19:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_19:#originalTopic=Debate:_Adoption_of_children_by_same-sex_couples
gayRights/post_190:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_190:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_1900:#originalStanceText=NO!!!	gayRights/post_1900:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1901:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_1901:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1902:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_1902:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1903:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_1903:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1904:#originalStanceText=NO!!!	gayRights/post_1904:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1905:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_1905:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1906:#originalStanceText=NO!!!	gayRights/post_1906:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1907:#originalStanceText=NO!!!	gayRights/post_1907:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1908:#originalStanceText=NO!!!	gayRights/post_1908:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1909:#originalStanceText=NO!!!	gayRights/post_1909:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_191:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_191:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_1910:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_1910:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1911:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_1911:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1912:#originalStanceText=NO!!!	gayRights/post_1912:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1913:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_1913:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1914:#originalStanceText=NO!!!	gayRights/post_1914:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1915:#originalStanceText=NO!!!	gayRights/post_1915:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1916:#originalStanceText=NO!!!	gayRights/post_1916:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1917:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_1917:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1918:#originalStanceText=NO!!!	gayRights/post_1918:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1919:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_1919:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_192:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_192:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_1920:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_1920:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1921:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_1921:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1922:#originalStanceText=NO!!!	gayRights/post_1922:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1923:#originalStanceText=NO!!!	gayRights/post_1923:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1924:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_1924:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1925:#originalStanceText=NO!!!	gayRights/post_1925:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1926:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_1926:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1927:#originalStanceText=NO!!!	gayRights/post_1927:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1928:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_1928:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1929:#originalStanceText=NO!!!	gayRights/post_1929:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_193:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_193:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_1930:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_1930:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1931:#originalStanceText=NO!!!	gayRights/post_1931:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1932:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_1932:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1933:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_1933:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1934:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_1934:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1935:#originalStanceText=NO!!!	gayRights/post_1935:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1936:#originalStanceText=NO!!!	gayRights/post_1936:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1937:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_1937:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1938:#originalStanceText=NO!!!	gayRights/post_1938:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1939:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_1939:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_194:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_194:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_1940:#originalStanceText=NO!!!	gayRights/post_1940:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1941:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_1941:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1942:#originalStanceText=NO!!!	gayRights/post_1942:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1943:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_1943:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1944:#originalStanceText=NO!!!	gayRights/post_1944:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1945:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_1945:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1946:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_1946:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1947:#originalStanceText=NO!!!	gayRights/post_1947:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1948:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_1948:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1949:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_1949:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_195:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_195:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_1950:#originalStanceText=NO!!!	gayRights/post_1950:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1951:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_1951:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1952:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_1952:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1953:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_1953:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1954:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_1954:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1955:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_1955:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1956:#originalStanceText=NO!!!	gayRights/post_1956:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1957:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_1957:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1958:#originalStanceText=NO!!!	gayRights/post_1958:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1959:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_1959:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_196:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_196:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_1960:#originalStanceText=NO!!!	gayRights/post_1960:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1961:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_1961:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1962:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_1962:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1963:#originalStanceText=NO!!!	gayRights/post_1963:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1964:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_1964:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1965:#originalStanceText=NO!!!	gayRights/post_1965:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1966:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_1966:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1967:#originalStanceText=NO!!!	gayRights/post_1967:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1968:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_1968:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1969:#originalStanceText=NO!!!	gayRights/post_1969:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_197:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_197:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_1970:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_1970:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1971:#originalStanceText=NO!!!	gayRights/post_1971:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1972:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_1972:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1973:#originalStanceText=NO!!!	gayRights/post_1973:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1974:#originalStanceText=NO!!!	gayRights/post_1974:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1975:#originalStanceText=NO!!!	gayRights/post_1975:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1976:#originalStanceText=NO!!!	gayRights/post_1976:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1977:#originalStanceText=NO!!!	gayRights/post_1977:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1978:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_1978:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1979:#originalStanceText=NO!!!	gayRights/post_1979:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_198:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_198:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_1980:#originalStanceText=NO!!!	gayRights/post_1980:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1981:#originalStanceText=NO!!!	gayRights/post_1981:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1982:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_1982:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1983:#originalStanceText=NO!!!	gayRights/post_1983:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1984:#originalStanceText=NO!!!	gayRights/post_1984:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1985:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_1985:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1986:#originalStanceText=NO!!!	gayRights/post_1986:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1987:#originalStanceText=NO!!!	gayRights/post_1987:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1988:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_1988:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1989:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_1989:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_199:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_199:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_1990:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_1990:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1991:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_1991:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1992:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_1992:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1993:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_1993:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1994:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_1994:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1995:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_1995:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1996:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_1996:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1997:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_1997:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1998:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_1998:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_1999:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_1999:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_2:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_2:#originalTopic=Debate:_Adoption_of_children_by_same-sex_couples
gayRights/post_20:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_20:#originalTopic=Debate:_Adoption_of_children_by_same-sex_couples
gayRights/post_200:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_200:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_2000:#originalStanceText=NO!!!	gayRights/post_2000:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_2001:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_2001:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_2002:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_2002:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_2003:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_2003:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_2004:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_2004:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_2005:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_2005:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_2006:#originalStanceText=NO!!!	gayRights/post_2006:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_2007:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_2007:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_2008:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_2008:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_2009:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_2009:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_201:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_201:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_2010:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_2010:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_2011:#originalStanceText=NO!!!	gayRights/post_2011:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_2012:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_2012:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_2013:#originalStanceText=NO!!!	gayRights/post_2013:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_2014:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_2014:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_2015:#originalStanceText=NO!!!	gayRights/post_2015:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_2016:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_2016:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_2017:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_2017:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_2018:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_2018:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_2019:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_2019:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_202:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_202:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_2020:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_2020:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_2021:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_2021:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_2022:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_2022:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_2023:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_2023:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_2024:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_2024:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_2025:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_2025:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_2026:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_2026:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_2027:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_2027:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_2028:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_2028:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_2029:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_2029:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_203:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_203:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_2030:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_2030:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_2031:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_2031:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_2032:#originalStanceText=NO!!!	gayRights/post_2032:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_2033:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_2033:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_2034:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_2034:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_2035:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_2035:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_2036:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_2036:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_2037:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_2037:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_2038:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_2038:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_2039:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_2039:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_204:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_204:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_2040:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_2040:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_2041:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_2041:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_2042:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_2042:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_2043:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_2043:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_2044:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_2044:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_2045:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_2045:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_2046:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_2046:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_2047:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_2047:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_2048:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_2048:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_2049:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_2049:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_205:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_205:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_2050:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_2050:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_2051:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_2051:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_2052:#originalStanceText=NO!!!	gayRights/post_2052:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_2053:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_2053:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_2054:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_2054:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_2055:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_2055:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_2056:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_2056:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_2057:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_2057:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_2058:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_2058:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_2059:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_2059:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_206:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_206:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_2060:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_2060:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_2061:#originalStanceText=NO!!!	gayRights/post_2061:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_2062:#originalStanceText=yes	gayRights/post_2062:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_2063:#originalStanceText=NO!!!	gayRights/post_2063:#originalTopic=Should_gays_have_the_right_to_marry
gayRights/post_207:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_207:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_208:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_208:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_209:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_209:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_21:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_21:#originalTopic=Debate:_Adoption_of_children_by_same-sex_couples
gayRights/post_210:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_210:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_211:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_211:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_212:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_212:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_213:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_213:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_214:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_214:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_215:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_215:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_216:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_216:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_217:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_217:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_218:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_218:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_219:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_219:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_22:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_22:#originalTopic=Debate:_Adoption_of_children_by_same-sex_couples
gayRights/post_220:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_220:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_221:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_221:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_222:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_222:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_223:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_223:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_224:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_224:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_225:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_225:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_226:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_226:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_227:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_227:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_228:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_228:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_229:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_229:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_23:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_23:#originalTopic=Debate:_Adoption_of_children_by_same-sex_couples
gayRights/post_230:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_230:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_231:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_231:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_232:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_232:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_233:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_233:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_234:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_234:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_235:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_235:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_236:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_236:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_237:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_237:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_238:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_238:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_239:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_239:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_24:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_24:#originalTopic=Debate:_Adoption_of_children_by_same-sex_couples
gayRights/post_240:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_240:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_241:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_241:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_242:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_242:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_243:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_243:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_244:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_244:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_245:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_245:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_246:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_246:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_247:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_247:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_248:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_248:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_249:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_249:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_25:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_25:#originalTopic=Debate:_Adoption_of_children_by_same-sex_couples
gayRights/post_250:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_250:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_251:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_251:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_252:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_252:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_253:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_253:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_254:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_254:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_255:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_255:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_256:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_256:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_257:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_257:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_258:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_258:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_259:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_259:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_26:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_26:#originalTopic=Debate:_Adoption_of_children_by_same-sex_couples
gayRights/post_260:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_260:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_261:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_261:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_262:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_262:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_263:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_263:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_264:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_264:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_265:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_265:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_266:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_266:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_267:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_267:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_268:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_268:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_269:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_269:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_27:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_27:#originalTopic=Debate:_Adoption_of_children_by_same-sex_couples
gayRights/post_270:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_270:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_271:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_271:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_272:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_272:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_273:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_273:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_274:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_274:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_275:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_275:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_276:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_276:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_277:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_277:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_278:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_278:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_279:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_279:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_28:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_28:#originalTopic=Debate:_Adoption_of_children_by_same-sex_couples
gayRights/post_280:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_280:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_281:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_281:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_282:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_282:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_283:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_283:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_284:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_284:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_285:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_285:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_286:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_286:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_287:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_287:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_288:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_288:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_289:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_289:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_29:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_29:#originalTopic=Debate:_Adoption_of_children_by_same-sex_couples
gayRights/post_290:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_290:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_291:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_291:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_292:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_292:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_293:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_293:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_294:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_294:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_295:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_295:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_296:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_296:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_297:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_297:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_298:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_298:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_299:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_299:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_3:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_3:#originalTopic=Debate:_Adoption_of_children_by_same-sex_couples
gayRights/post_30:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_30:#originalTopic=Debate:_Adoption_of_children_by_same-sex_couples
gayRights/post_300:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_300:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_301:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_301:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_302:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_302:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_303:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_303:#originalTopic=are-children-with-same-sex-parents-at-a-disadvantage
gayRights/post_304:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_304:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_305:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_305:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_306:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_306:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_307:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_307:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_308:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_308:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_309:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_309:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_31:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_31:#originalTopic=Debate:_Adoption_of_children_by_same-sex_couples
gayRights/post_310:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_310:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_311:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_311:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_312:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_312:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_313:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_313:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_314:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_314:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_315:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_315:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_316:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_316:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_317:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_317:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_318:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_318:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_319:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_319:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_32:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_32:#originalTopic=Debate:_Adoption_of_children_by_same-sex_couples
gayRights/post_320:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_320:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_321:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_321:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_322:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_322:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_323:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_323:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_324:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_324:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_325:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_325:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_326:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_326:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_327:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_327:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_328:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_328:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_329:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_329:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_33:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_33:#originalTopic=Debate:_Adoption_of_children_by_same-sex_couples
gayRights/post_330:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_330:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_331:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_331:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_332:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_332:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_333:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_333:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_334:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_334:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_335:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_335:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_336:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_336:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_337:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_337:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_338:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_338:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_339:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_339:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_34:#originalStanceText=Pro	gayRights/post_34:#originalTopic=Debate:_Homosexuals_in_the_US_military
gayRights/post_340:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_340:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_341:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_341:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_342:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_342:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_343:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_343:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_344:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_344:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_345:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_345:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_346:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_346:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_347:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_347:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_348:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_348:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_349:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_349:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_35:#originalStanceText=Pro	gayRights/post_35:#originalTopic=Debate:_Homosexuals_in_the_US_military
gayRights/post_350:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_350:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_351:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_351:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_352:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_352:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_353:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_353:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_354:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_354:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_355:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_355:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_356:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_356:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_357:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_357:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_358:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_358:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_359:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_359:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_36:#originalStanceText=Pro	gayRights/post_36:#originalTopic=Debate:_Homosexuals_in_the_US_military
gayRights/post_360:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_360:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_361:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_361:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_362:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_362:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_363:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_363:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_364:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_364:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_365:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_365:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_366:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_366:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_367:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_367:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_368:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_368:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_369:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_369:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_37:#originalStanceText=Pro	gayRights/post_37:#originalTopic=Debate:_Homosexuals_in_the_US_military
gayRights/post_370:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_370:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_371:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_371:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_372:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_372:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_373:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_373:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_374:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_374:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_375:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_375:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_376:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_376:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_377:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_377:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_378:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_378:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_379:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_379:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_38:#originalStanceText=Con	gayRights/post_38:#originalTopic=Debate:_Homosexuals_in_the_US_military
gayRights/post_380:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_380:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_381:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_381:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_382:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_382:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_383:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_383:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_384:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_384:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_385:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_385:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_386:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_386:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_387:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_387:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_388:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_388:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_389:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_389:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_39:#originalStanceText=Con	gayRights/post_39:#originalTopic=Debate:_Homosexuals_in_the_US_military
gayRights/post_390:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_390:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_391:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_391:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_392:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_392:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_393:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_393:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_394:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_394:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_395:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_395:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_396:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_396:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_397:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_397:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_398:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_398:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_399:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_399:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_4:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_4:#originalTopic=Debate:_Adoption_of_children_by_same-sex_couples
gayRights/post_40:#originalStanceText=Con	gayRights/post_40:#originalTopic=Debate:_Homosexuals_in_the_US_military
gayRights/post_400:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_400:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_401:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_401:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_402:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_402:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_403:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_403:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_404:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_404:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_405:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_405:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_406:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_406:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_407:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_407:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_408:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_408:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_409:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_409:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_41:#originalStanceText=Con	gayRights/post_41:#originalTopic=Debate:_Homosexuals_in_the_US_military
gayRights/post_410:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_410:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_411:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_411:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_412:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_412:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_413:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_413:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_414:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_414:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_415:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_415:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_416:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_416:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_417:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_417:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_418:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_418:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_419:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_419:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_42:#originalStanceText=Con	gayRights/post_42:#originalTopic=Debate:_Homosexuals_in_the_US_military
gayRights/post_420:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_420:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_421:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_421:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_422:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_422:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_423:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_423:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_424:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_424:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_425:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_425:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_426:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_426:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_427:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_427:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_428:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_428:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_429:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_429:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_43:#originalStanceText=Con	gayRights/post_43:#originalTopic=Debate:_Homosexuals_in_the_US_military
gayRights/post_430:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_430:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_431:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_431:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_432:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_432:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_433:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_433:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_434:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_434:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_435:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_435:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_436:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_436:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_437:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_437:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_438:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_438:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_439:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_439:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_44:#originalStanceText=Pro	gayRights/post_44:#originalTopic=Debate:_Homosexuals_in_the_US_military
gayRights/post_440:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_440:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_441:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_441:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_442:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_442:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_443:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_443:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_444:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_444:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_445:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_445:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_446:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_446:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_447:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_447:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_448:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_448:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_449:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_449:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_45:#originalStanceText=Pro	gayRights/post_45:#originalTopic=Debate:_Homosexuals_in_the_US_military
gayRights/post_450:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_450:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_451:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_451:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_452:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_452:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_453:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_453:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_454:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_454:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_455:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_455:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_456:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_456:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_457:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_457:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_458:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_458:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_459:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_459:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_46:#originalStanceText=Con	gayRights/post_46:#originalTopic=Debate:_Homosexuals_in_the_US_military
gayRights/post_460:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_460:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_461:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_461:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_462:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_462:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_463:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_463:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_464:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_464:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_465:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_465:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_466:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_466:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_467:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_467:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_468:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_468:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_469:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_469:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_47:#originalStanceText=Pro	gayRights/post_47:#originalTopic=Debate:_Homosexuals_in_the_US_military
gayRights/post_470:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_470:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_471:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_471:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_472:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_472:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_473:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_473:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_474:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_474:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_475:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_475:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_476:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_476:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_477:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_477:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_478:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_478:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_479:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_479:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_48:#originalStanceText=Con	gayRights/post_48:#originalTopic=Debate:_Homosexuals_in_the_US_military
gayRights/post_480:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_480:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_481:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_481:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_482:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_482:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_483:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_483:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_484:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_484:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_485:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_485:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_486:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_486:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_487:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_487:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_488:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_488:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_489:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_489:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_49:#originalStanceText=Con	gayRights/post_49:#originalTopic=Debate:_Homosexuals_in_the_US_military
gayRights/post_490:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_490:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_491:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_491:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_492:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_492:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_493:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_493:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_494:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_494:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_495:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_495:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_496:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_496:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_497:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_497:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_498:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_498:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_499:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_499:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_5:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_5:#originalTopic=Debate:_Adoption_of_children_by_same-sex_couples
gayRights/post_50:#originalStanceText=Con	gayRights/post_50:#originalTopic=Debate:_Homosexuals_in_the_US_military
gayRights/post_500:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_500:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_501:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_501:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_502:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_502:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_503:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_503:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_504:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_504:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_505:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_505:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_506:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_506:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_507:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_507:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_508:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_508:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_509:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_509:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_51:#originalStanceText=Pro	gayRights/post_51:#originalTopic=Debate:_Homosexuals_in_the_US_military
gayRights/post_510:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_510:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_511:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_511:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_512:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_512:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_513:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_513:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_514:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_514:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_515:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_515:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_516:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_516:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_517:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_517:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_518:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_518:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_519:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_519:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_52:#originalStanceText=Pro	gayRights/post_52:#originalTopic=Debate:_Homosexuals_in_the_US_military
gayRights/post_520:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_520:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_521:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_521:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_522:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_522:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_523:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_523:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_524:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_524:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_525:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_525:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_526:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_526:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_527:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_527:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_528:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_528:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_529:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_529:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_53:#originalStanceText=Pro	gayRights/post_53:#originalTopic=Debate:_Homosexuals_in_the_US_military
gayRights/post_530:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_530:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_531:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_531:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_532:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_532:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_533:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_533:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_534:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_534:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_535:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_535:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_536:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_536:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_537:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_537:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_538:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_538:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_539:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_539:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_54:#originalStanceText=Pro	gayRights/post_54:#originalTopic=Debate:_Homosexuals_in_the_US_military
gayRights/post_540:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_540:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_541:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_541:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_542:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_542:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_543:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_543:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_544:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_544:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_545:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_545:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_546:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_546:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_547:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_547:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_548:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_548:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_549:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_549:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_55:#originalStanceText=Con	gayRights/post_55:#originalTopic=Debate:_Homosexuals_in_the_US_military
gayRights/post_550:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_550:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_551:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_551:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_552:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_552:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_553:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_553:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_554:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_554:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_555:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_555:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_556:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_556:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_557:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_557:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_558:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_558:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_559:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_559:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_56:#originalStanceText=Con	gayRights/post_56:#originalTopic=Debate:_Homosexuals_in_the_US_military
gayRights/post_560:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_560:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_561:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_561:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_562:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_562:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_563:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_563:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_564:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_564:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_565:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_565:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_566:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_566:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_567:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_567:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_568:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_568:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_569:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_569:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_57:#originalStanceText=Pro	gayRights/post_57:#originalTopic=Debate:_Homosexuals_in_the_US_military
gayRights/post_570:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_570:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_571:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_571:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_572:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_572:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_573:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_573:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_574:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_574:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_575:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_575:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_576:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_576:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_577:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_577:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_578:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_578:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_579:#originalStanceText=NO	gayRights/post_579:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_58:#originalStanceText=Pro	gayRights/post_58:#originalTopic=Debate:_Homosexuals_in_the_US_military
gayRights/post_580:#originalStanceText=YES	gayRights/post_580:#originalTopic=are-people-born-gay
gayRights/post_581:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_581:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_582:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_582:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_583:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_583:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_584:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_584:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_585:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_585:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_586:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_586:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_587:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_587:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_588:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_588:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_589:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_589:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_59:#originalStanceText=Con	gayRights/post_59:#originalTopic=Debate:_Homosexuals_in_the_US_military
gayRights/post_590:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_590:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_591:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_591:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_592:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_592:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_593:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_593:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_594:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_594:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_595:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_595:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_596:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_596:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_597:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_597:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_598:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_598:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_599:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_599:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_6:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_6:#originalTopic=Debate:_Adoption_of_children_by_same-sex_couples
gayRights/post_60:#originalStanceText=Con	gayRights/post_60:#originalTopic=Debate:_Homosexuals_in_the_US_military
gayRights/post_600:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_600:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_601:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_601:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_602:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_602:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_603:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_603:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_604:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_604:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_605:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_605:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_606:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_606:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_607:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_607:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_608:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_608:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_609:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_609:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_61:#originalStanceText=Con	gayRights/post_61:#originalTopic=Debate:_Homosexuals_in_the_US_military
gayRights/post_610:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_610:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_611:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_611:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_612:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_612:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_613:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_613:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_614:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_614:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_615:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_615:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_616:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_616:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_617:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_617:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_618:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_618:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_619:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_619:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_62:#originalStanceText=Con	gayRights/post_62:#originalTopic=Debate:_Homosexuals_in_the_US_military
gayRights/post_620:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_620:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_621:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_621:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_622:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_622:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_623:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_623:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_624:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_624:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_625:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_625:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_626:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_626:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_627:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_627:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_628:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_628:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_629:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_629:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_63:#originalStanceText=Pro	gayRights/post_63:#originalTopic=Debate:_Homosexuals_in_the_US_military
gayRights/post_630:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_630:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_631:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_631:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_632:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_632:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_633:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_633:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_634:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_634:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_635:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_635:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_636:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_636:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_637:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_637:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_638:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_638:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_639:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_639:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_64:#originalStanceText=Pro	gayRights/post_64:#originalTopic=Debate:_Homosexuals_in_the_US_military
gayRights/post_640:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_640:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_641:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_641:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_642:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_642:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_643:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_643:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_644:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_644:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_645:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_645:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_646:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_646:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_647:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_647:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_648:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_648:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_649:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_649:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_65:#originalStanceText=Pro	gayRights/post_65:#originalTopic=Debate:_Homosexuals_in_the_US_military
gayRights/post_650:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_650:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_651:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_651:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_652:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_652:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_653:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_653:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_654:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_654:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_655:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_655:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_656:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_656:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_657:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_657:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_658:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_658:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_659:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_659:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_66:#originalStanceText=Con	gayRights/post_66:#originalTopic=Debate:_Homosexuals_in_the_US_military
gayRights/post_660:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_660:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_661:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_661:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_662:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_662:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_663:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_663:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_664:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_664:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_665:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_665:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_666:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_666:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_667:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_667:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_668:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_668:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_669:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_669:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_67:#originalStanceText=Con	gayRights/post_67:#originalTopic=Debate:_Homosexuals_in_the_US_military
gayRights/post_670:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_670:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_671:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_671:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_672:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_672:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_673:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_673:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_674:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_674:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_675:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_675:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_676:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_676:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_677:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_677:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_678:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_678:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_679:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_679:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_68:#originalStanceText=Pro	gayRights/post_68:#originalTopic=Debate:_Homosexuals_in_the_US_military
gayRights/post_680:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_680:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_681:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_681:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_682:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_682:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_683:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_683:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_684:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_684:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_685:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_685:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_686:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_686:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_687:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_687:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_688:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_688:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_689:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_689:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_69:#originalStanceText=Con	gayRights/post_69:#originalTopic=Debate:_Homosexuals_in_the_US_military
gayRights/post_690:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_690:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_691:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_691:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_692:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_692:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_693:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_693:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_694:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_694:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_695:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_695:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_696:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_696:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_697:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_697:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_698:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_698:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_699:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_699:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_7:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_7:#originalTopic=Debate:_Adoption_of_children_by_same-sex_couples
gayRights/post_70:#originalStanceText=Pro	gayRights/post_70:#originalTopic=Debate:_Homosexuals_in_the_US_military
gayRights/post_700:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_700:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_701:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_701:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_702:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_702:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_703:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_703:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_704:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_704:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_705:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_705:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_706:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_706:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_707:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_707:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_708:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_708:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_709:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_709:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_71:#originalStanceText=Con	gayRights/post_71:#originalTopic=Debate:_Homosexuals_in_the_US_military
gayRights/post_710:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_710:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_711:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_711:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_712:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_712:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_713:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_713:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_714:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_714:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_715:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_715:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_716:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_716:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_717:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_717:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_718:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_718:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_719:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_719:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_72:#originalStanceText=Pro	gayRights/post_72:#originalTopic=Debate:_Homosexuals_in_the_US_military
gayRights/post_720:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_720:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_721:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_721:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_722:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_722:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_723:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_723:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_724:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_724:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_725:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_725:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_726:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_726:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_727:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_727:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_728:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_728:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_729:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_729:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_73:#originalStanceText=Con	gayRights/post_73:#originalTopic=Debate:_Homosexuals_in_the_US_military
gayRights/post_730:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_730:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_731:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_731:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_732:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_732:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_733:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_733:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_734:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_734:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_735:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_735:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_736:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_736:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_737:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_737:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_738:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_738:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_739:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_739:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_74:#originalStanceText=Con	gayRights/post_74:#originalTopic=Debate:_Homosexuals_in_the_US_military
gayRights/post_740:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_740:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_741:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_741:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_742:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_742:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_743:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_743:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_744:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_744:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_745:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_745:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_746:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_746:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_747:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_747:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_748:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_748:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_749:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_749:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_75:#originalStanceText=Pro	gayRights/post_75:#originalTopic=Debate:_Homosexuals_in_the_US_military
gayRights/post_750:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_750:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_751:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_751:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_752:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_752:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_753:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_753:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_754:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_754:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_755:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_755:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_756:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_756:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_757:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_757:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_758:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_758:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_759:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_759:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_76:#originalStanceText=Con	gayRights/post_76:#originalTopic=Debate:_Homosexuals_in_the_US_military
gayRights/post_760:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_760:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_761:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_761:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_762:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_762:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_763:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_763:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_764:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_764:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_765:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_765:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_766:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_766:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_767:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_767:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_768:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_768:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_769:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_769:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_77:#originalStanceText=Pro	gayRights/post_77:#originalTopic=Debate:_Homosexuals_in_the_US_military
gayRights/post_770:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_770:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_771:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_771:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_772:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_772:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_773:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_773:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_774:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_774:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_775:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_775:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_776:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_776:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_777:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_777:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_778:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_778:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_779:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_779:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_78:#originalStanceText=Con	gayRights/post_78:#originalTopic=Debate:_Homosexuals_in_the_US_military
gayRights/post_780:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_780:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_781:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_781:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_782:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_782:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_783:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_783:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_784:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_784:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_785:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_785:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_786:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_786:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_787:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_787:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_788:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_788:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_789:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_789:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_79:#originalStanceText=Pro	gayRights/post_79:#originalTopic=Debate:_Homosexuals_in_the_US_military
gayRights/post_790:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_790:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_791:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_791:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_792:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_792:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_793:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_793:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_794:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_794:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_795:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_795:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_796:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_796:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_797:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_797:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_798:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_798:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_799:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_799:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_8:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_8:#originalTopic=Debate:_Adoption_of_children_by_same-sex_couples
gayRights/post_80:#originalStanceText=Pro	gayRights/post_80:#originalTopic=Debate:_Homosexuals_in_the_US_military
gayRights/post_800:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_800:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_801:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_801:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_802:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_802:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_803:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_803:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_804:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_804:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_805:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_805:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_806:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_806:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_807:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_807:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_808:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_808:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_809:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_809:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_81:#originalStanceText=Pro	gayRights/post_81:#originalTopic=Debate:_Homosexuals_in_the_US_military
gayRights/post_810:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_810:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_811:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_811:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_812:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_812:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_813:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_813:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_814:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_814:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_815:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_815:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_816:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_816:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_817:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_817:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_818:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_818:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_819:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_819:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_82:#originalStanceText=Con	gayRights/post_82:#originalTopic=Debate:_Homosexuals_in_the_US_military
gayRights/post_820:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_820:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_821:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_821:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_822:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_822:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_823:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_823:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_824:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_824:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_825:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_825:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_826:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_826:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_827:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_827:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_828:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_828:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_829:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_829:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_83:#originalStanceText=Pro	gayRights/post_83:#originalTopic=Debate:_Homosexuals_in_the_US_military
gayRights/post_830:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_830:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_831:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_831:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_832:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_832:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_833:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_833:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_834:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_834:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_835:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_835:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_836:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_836:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_837:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_837:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_838:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_838:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_839:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_839:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_84:#originalStanceText=Pro	gayRights/post_84:#originalTopic=Debate:_Homosexuals_in_the_US_military
gayRights/post_840:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_840:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_841:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_841:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_842:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_842:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_843:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_843:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_844:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_844:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_845:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_845:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_846:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_846:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_847:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_847:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_848:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_848:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_849:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_849:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_85:#originalStanceText=Con	gayRights/post_85:#originalTopic=Debate:_Homosexuals_in_the_US_military
gayRights/post_850:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_850:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_851:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_851:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_852:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_852:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_853:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_853:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_854:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_854:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_855:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_855:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_856:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_856:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_857:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_857:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_858:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_858:#originalTopic=is-homosexuality-a-sin
gayRights/post_859:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_859:#originalTopic=should-california-pass-prop-8
gayRights/post_86:#originalStanceText=Pro	gayRights/post_86:#originalTopic=Debate:_Homosexuals_in_the_US_military
gayRights/post_860:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_860:#originalTopic=should-california-pass-prop-8
gayRights/post_861:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_861:#originalTopic=should-california-pass-prop-8
gayRights/post_862:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_862:#originalTopic=should-california-pass-prop-8
gayRights/post_863:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_863:#originalTopic=should-california-pass-prop-8
gayRights/post_864:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_864:#originalTopic=should-california-pass-prop-8
gayRights/post_865:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_865:#originalTopic=should-california-pass-prop-8
gayRights/post_866:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_866:#originalTopic=should-california-pass-prop-8
gayRights/post_867:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_867:#originalTopic=should-california-pass-prop-8
gayRights/post_868:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_868:#originalTopic=should-california-pass-prop-8
gayRights/post_869:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_869:#originalTopic=should-california-pass-prop-8
gayRights/post_87:#originalStanceText=Con	gayRights/post_87:#originalTopic=Debate:_Homosexuals_in_the_US_military
gayRights/post_870:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_870:#originalTopic=should-california-pass-prop-8
gayRights/post_871:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_871:#originalTopic=should-california-pass-prop-8
gayRights/post_872:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_872:#originalTopic=should-california-pass-prop-8
gayRights/post_873:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_873:#originalTopic=should-california-pass-prop-8
gayRights/post_874:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_874:#originalTopic=should-california-pass-prop-8
gayRights/post_875:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_875:#originalTopic=should-california-pass-prop-8
gayRights/post_876:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_876:#originalTopic=should-california-pass-prop-8
gayRights/post_877:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_877:#originalTopic=should-california-pass-prop-8
gayRights/post_878:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_878:#originalTopic=should-california-pass-prop-8
gayRights/post_879:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_879:#originalTopic=should-california-pass-prop-8
gayRights/post_88:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_88:#originalTopic=Debate:_Same_sex_marriage_ban
gayRights/post_880:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_880:#originalTopic=should-california-pass-prop-8
gayRights/post_881:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_881:#originalTopic=should-california-pass-prop-8
gayRights/post_882:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_882:#originalTopic=should-california-pass-prop-8
gayRights/post_883:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_883:#originalTopic=should-california-pass-prop-8
gayRights/post_884:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_884:#originalTopic=should-california-pass-prop-8
gayRights/post_885:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_885:#originalTopic=should-california-pass-prop-8
gayRights/post_886:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_886:#originalTopic=should-california-pass-prop-8
gayRights/post_887:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_887:#originalTopic=should-california-pass-prop-8
gayRights/post_888:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_888:#originalTopic=should-california-pass-prop-8
gayRights/post_889:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_889:#originalTopic=should-california-pass-prop-8
gayRights/post_89:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_89:#originalTopic=Debate:_Same_sex_marriage_ban
gayRights/post_890:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_890:#originalTopic=should-california-pass-prop-8
gayRights/post_891:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_891:#originalTopic=should-california-pass-prop-8
gayRights/post_892:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_892:#originalTopic=should-california-pass-prop-8
gayRights/post_893:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_893:#originalTopic=should-california-pass-prop-8
gayRights/post_894:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_894:#originalTopic=should-california-pass-prop-8
gayRights/post_895:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_895:#originalTopic=should-california-pass-prop-8
gayRights/post_896:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_896:#originalTopic=should-california-pass-prop-8
gayRights/post_897:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_897:#originalTopic=should-california-pass-prop-8
gayRights/post_898:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_898:#originalTopic=should-california-pass-prop-8
gayRights/post_899:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_899:#originalTopic=should-california-pass-prop-8
gayRights/post_9:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_9:#originalTopic=Debate:_Adoption_of_children_by_same-sex_couples
gayRights/post_90:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_90:#originalTopic=Debate:_Same_sex_marriage_ban
gayRights/post_900:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_900:#originalTopic=should-california-pass-prop-8
gayRights/post_901:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_901:#originalTopic=should-california-pass-prop-8
gayRights/post_902:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_902:#originalTopic=should-california-pass-prop-8
gayRights/post_903:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_903:#originalTopic=should-california-pass-prop-8
gayRights/post_904:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_904:#originalTopic=should-california-pass-prop-8
gayRights/post_905:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_905:#originalTopic=should-california-pass-prop-8
gayRights/post_906:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_906:#originalTopic=should-california-pass-prop-8
gayRights/post_907:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_907:#originalTopic=should-california-pass-prop-8
gayRights/post_908:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_908:#originalTopic=should-california-pass-prop-8
gayRights/post_909:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_909:#originalTopic=should-california-pass-prop-8
gayRights/post_91:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_91:#originalTopic=Debate:_Same_sex_marriage_ban
gayRights/post_910:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_910:#originalTopic=should-california-pass-prop-8
gayRights/post_911:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_911:#originalTopic=should-california-pass-prop-8
gayRights/post_912:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_912:#originalTopic=should-california-pass-prop-8
gayRights/post_913:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_913:#originalTopic=should-california-pass-prop-8
gayRights/post_914:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_914:#originalTopic=should-california-pass-prop-8
gayRights/post_915:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_915:#originalTopic=should-california-pass-prop-8
gayRights/post_916:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_916:#originalTopic=should-california-pass-prop-8
gayRights/post_917:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_917:#originalTopic=should-california-pass-prop-8
gayRights/post_918:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_918:#originalTopic=should-california-pass-prop-8
gayRights/post_919:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_919:#originalTopic=should-california-pass-prop-8
gayRights/post_92:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_92:#originalTopic=Debate:_Same_sex_marriage_ban
gayRights/post_920:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_920:#originalTopic=should-california-pass-prop-8
gayRights/post_921:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_921:#originalTopic=should-california-pass-prop-8
gayRights/post_922:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_922:#originalTopic=should-california-pass-prop-8
gayRights/post_923:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_923:#originalTopic=should-california-pass-prop-8
gayRights/post_924:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_924:#originalTopic=should-california-pass-prop-8
gayRights/post_925:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_925:#originalTopic=should-california-pass-prop-8
gayRights/post_926:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_926:#originalTopic=should-california-pass-prop-8
gayRights/post_927:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_927:#originalTopic=should-california-pass-prop-8
gayRights/post_928:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_928:#originalTopic=should-california-pass-prop-8
gayRights/post_929:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_929:#originalTopic=should-california-pass-prop-8
gayRights/post_93:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_93:#originalTopic=Debate:_Same_sex_marriage_ban
gayRights/post_930:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_930:#originalTopic=should-california-pass-prop-8
gayRights/post_931:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_931:#originalTopic=should-california-pass-prop-8
gayRights/post_932:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_932:#originalTopic=should-california-pass-prop-8
gayRights/post_933:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_933:#originalTopic=should-california-pass-prop-8
gayRights/post_934:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_934:#originalTopic=should-california-pass-prop-8
gayRights/post_935:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_935:#originalTopic=should-california-pass-prop-8
gayRights/post_936:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_936:#originalTopic=should-california-pass-prop-8
gayRights/post_937:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_937:#originalTopic=should-california-pass-prop-8
gayRights/post_938:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_938:#originalTopic=should-california-pass-prop-8
gayRights/post_939:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_939:#originalTopic=should-california-pass-prop-8
gayRights/post_94:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_94:#originalTopic=Debate:_Same_sex_marriage_ban
gayRights/post_940:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_940:#originalTopic=should-california-pass-prop-8
gayRights/post_941:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_941:#originalTopic=should-california-pass-prop-8
gayRights/post_942:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_942:#originalTopic=should-california-pass-prop-8
gayRights/post_943:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_943:#originalTopic=should-california-pass-prop-8
gayRights/post_944:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_944:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_945:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_945:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_946:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_946:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_947:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_947:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_948:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_948:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_949:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_949:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_95:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_95:#originalTopic=Debate:_Same_sex_marriage_ban
gayRights/post_950:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_950:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_951:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_951:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_952:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_952:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_953:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_953:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_954:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_954:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_955:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_955:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_956:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_956:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_957:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_957:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_958:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_958:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_959:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_959:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_96:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_96:#originalTopic=Debate:_Same_sex_marriage_ban
gayRights/post_960:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_960:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_961:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_961:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_962:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_962:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_963:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_963:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_964:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_964:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_965:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_965:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_966:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_966:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_967:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_967:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_968:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_968:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_969:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_969:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_97:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_97:#originalTopic=Debate:_Same_sex_marriage_ban
gayRights/post_970:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_970:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_971:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_971:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_972:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_972:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_973:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_973:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_974:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_974:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_975:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_975:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_976:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_976:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_977:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_977:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_978:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_978:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_979:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_979:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_98:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_98:#originalTopic=Debate:_Same_sex_marriage_ban
gayRights/post_980:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_980:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_981:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_981:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_982:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_982:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_983:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_983:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_984:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_984:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_985:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_985:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_986:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_986:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_987:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_987:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_988:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_988:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_989:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_989:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_99:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_99:#originalTopic=Debate:_Same_sex_marriage_ban
gayRights/post_990:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_990:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_991:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_991:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_992:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_992:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_993:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_993:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_994:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_994:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_995:#originalStanceText=No	gayRights/post_995:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_996:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_996:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_997:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_997:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_998:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_998:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
gayRights/post_999:#originalStanceText=Yes	gayRights/post_999:#originalTopic=should-marriage-for-same-sex-couples-be-legal
god/post_0:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_0:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_1:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_1:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_10:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_10:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_100:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_100:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_101:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_101:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_102:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_102:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_103:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_103:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_104:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_104:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_105:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_105:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_106:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_106:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_107:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_107:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_108:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_108:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_109:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_109:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_11:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_11:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_110:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_110:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_111:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_111:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_112:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_112:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_113:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_113:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_114:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_114:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_115:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_115:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_116:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_116:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_117:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_117:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_118:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_118:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_119:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_119:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_12:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_12:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_120:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_120:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_121:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_121:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_122:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_122:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_123:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_123:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_124:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_124:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_125:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_125:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_126:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_126:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_127:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_127:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_128:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_128:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_129:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_129:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_13:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_13:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_130:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_130:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_131:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_131:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_132:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_132:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_133:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_133:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_134:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_134:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_135:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_135:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_136:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_136:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_137:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_137:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_138:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_138:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_139:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_139:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_14:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_14:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_140:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_140:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_141:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_141:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_142:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_142:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_143:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_143:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_144:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_144:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_145:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_145:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_146:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_146:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_147:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_147:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_148:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_148:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_149:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_149:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_15:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_15:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_150:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_150:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_151:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_151:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_152:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_152:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_153:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_153:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_154:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_154:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_155:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_155:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_156:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_156:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_157:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_157:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_158:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_158:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_159:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_159:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_16:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_16:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_160:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_160:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_161:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_161:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_162:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_162:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_163:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_163:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_164:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_164:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_165:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_165:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_166:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_166:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_167:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_167:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_168:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_168:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_169:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_169:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_17:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_17:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_170:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_170:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_171:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_171:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_172:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_172:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_173:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_173:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_174:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_174:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_175:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_175:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_176:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_176:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_177:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_177:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_178:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_178:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_179:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_179:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_18:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_18:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_180:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_180:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_181:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_181:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_182:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_182:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_183:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_183:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_184:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_184:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_185:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_185:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_186:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_186:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_187:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_187:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_188:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_188:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_189:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_189:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_19:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_19:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_190:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_190:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_191:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_191:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_192:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_192:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_193:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_193:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_194:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_194:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_195:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_195:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_196:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_196:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_197:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_197:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_198:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_198:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_199:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_199:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_2:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_2:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_20:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_20:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_200:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_200:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_201:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_201:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_202:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_202:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_203:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_203:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_204:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_204:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_205:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_205:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_206:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_206:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_207:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_207:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_208:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_208:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_209:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_209:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_21:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_21:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_210:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_210:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_211:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_211:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_212:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_212:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_213:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_213:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_214:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_214:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_215:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_215:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_216:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_216:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_217:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_217:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_218:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_218:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_219:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_219:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_22:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_22:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_220:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_220:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_221:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_221:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_222:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_222:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_223:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_223:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_224:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_224:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_225:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_225:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_226:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_226:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_227:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_227:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_228:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_228:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_229:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_229:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_23:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_23:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_230:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_230:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_231:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_231:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_232:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_232:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_233:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_233:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_234:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_234:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_235:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_235:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_236:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_236:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_237:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_237:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_238:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_238:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_239:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_239:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_24:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_24:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_240:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_240:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_241:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_241:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_242:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_242:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_243:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_243:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_244:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_244:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_245:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_245:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_246:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_246:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_247:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_247:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_248:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_248:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_249:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_249:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_25:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_25:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_250:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_250:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_251:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_251:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_252:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_252:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_253:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_253:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_254:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_254:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_255:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_255:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_256:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_256:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_257:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_257:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_258:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_258:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_259:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_259:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_26:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_26:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_260:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_260:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_261:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_261:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_262:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_262:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_263:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_263:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_264:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_264:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_265:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_265:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_266:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_266:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_267:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_267:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_268:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_268:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_269:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_269:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_27:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_27:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_270:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_270:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_271:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_271:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_272:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_272:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_273:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_273:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_274:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_274:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_275:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_275:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_276:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_276:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_277:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_277:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_278:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_278:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_279:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_279:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_28:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_28:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_280:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_280:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_281:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_281:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_282:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_282:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_283:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_283:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_284:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_284:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_285:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_285:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_286:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_286:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_287:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_287:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_288:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_288:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_289:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_289:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_29:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_29:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_290:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_290:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_291:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_291:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_292:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_292:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_293:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_293:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_294:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_294:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_295:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_295:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_296:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_296:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_297:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_297:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_298:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_298:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_299:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_299:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_3:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_3:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_30:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_30:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_300:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_300:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_301:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_301:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_302:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_302:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_303:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_303:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_304:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_304:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_305:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_305:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_306:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_306:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_307:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_307:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_308:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_308:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_309:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_309:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_31:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_31:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_310:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_310:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_311:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_311:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_312:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_312:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_313:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_313:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_314:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_314:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_315:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_315:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_316:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_316:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_317:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_317:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_318:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_318:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_319:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_319:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_32:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_32:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_320:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_320:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_321:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_321:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_322:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_322:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_323:#originalStanceText=YES!!	god/post_323:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_324:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_324:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_325:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_325:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_326:#originalStanceText=YES!!	god/post_326:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_327:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_327:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_328:#originalStanceText=YES!!	god/post_328:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_329:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_329:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_33:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_33:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_330:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_330:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_331:#originalStanceText=YES!!	god/post_331:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_332:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_332:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_333:#originalStanceText=YES!!	god/post_333:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_334:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_334:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_335:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_335:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_336:#originalStanceText=YES!!	god/post_336:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_337:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_337:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_338:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_338:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_339:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_339:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_34:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_34:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_340:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_340:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_341:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_341:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_342:#originalStanceText=YES!!	god/post_342:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_343:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_343:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_344:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_344:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_345:#originalStanceText=YES!!	god/post_345:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_346:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_346:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_347:#originalStanceText=YES!!	god/post_347:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_348:#originalStanceText=YES!!	god/post_348:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_349:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_349:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_35:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_35:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_350:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_350:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_351:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_351:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_352:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_352:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_353:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_353:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_354:#originalStanceText=YES!!	god/post_354:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_355:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_355:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_356:#originalStanceText=YES!!	god/post_356:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_357:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_357:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_358:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_358:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_359:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_359:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_36:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_36:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_360:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_360:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_361:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_361:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_362:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_362:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_363:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_363:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_364:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_364:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_365:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_365:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_366:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_366:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_367:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_367:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_368:#originalStanceText=YES!!	god/post_368:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_369:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_369:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_37:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_37:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_370:#originalStanceText=YES!!	god/post_370:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_371:#originalStanceText=YES!!	god/post_371:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_372:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_372:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_373:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_373:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_374:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_374:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_375:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_375:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_376:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_376:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_377:#originalStanceText=YES!!	god/post_377:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_378:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_378:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_379:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_379:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_38:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_38:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_380:#originalStanceText=YES!!	god/post_380:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_381:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_381:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_382:#originalStanceText=YES!!	god/post_382:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_383:#originalStanceText=YES!!	god/post_383:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_384:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_384:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_385:#originalStanceText=YES!!	god/post_385:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_386:#originalStanceText=YES!!	god/post_386:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_387:#originalStanceText=YES!!	god/post_387:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_388:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_388:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_389:#originalStanceText=YES!!	god/post_389:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_39:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_39:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_390:#originalStanceText=YES!!	god/post_390:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_391:#originalStanceText=YES!!	god/post_391:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_392:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_392:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_393:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_393:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_394:#originalStanceText=YES!!	god/post_394:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_395:#originalStanceText=YES!!	god/post_395:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_396:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_396:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_397:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_397:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_398:#originalStanceText=YES!!	god/post_398:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_399:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_399:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_4:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_4:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_40:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_40:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_400:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_400:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_401:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_401:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_402:#originalStanceText=YES!!	god/post_402:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_403:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_403:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_404:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_404:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_405:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_405:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_406:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_406:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_407:#originalStanceText=YES!!	god/post_407:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_408:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_408:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_409:#originalStanceText=YES!!	god/post_409:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_41:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_41:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_410:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_410:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_411:#originalStanceText=YES!!	god/post_411:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_412:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_412:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_413:#originalStanceText=YES!!	god/post_413:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_414:#originalStanceText=YES!!	god/post_414:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_415:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_415:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_416:#originalStanceText=YES!!	god/post_416:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_417:#originalStanceText=YES!!	god/post_417:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_418:#originalStanceText=YES!!	god/post_418:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_419:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_419:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_42:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_42:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_420:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_420:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_421:#originalStanceText=YES!!	god/post_421:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_422:#originalStanceText=YES!!	god/post_422:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_423:#originalStanceText=YES!!	god/post_423:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_424:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_424:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_425:#originalStanceText=YES!!	god/post_425:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_426:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_426:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_427:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_427:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_428:#originalStanceText=YES!!	god/post_428:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_429:#originalStanceText=YES!!	god/post_429:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_43:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_43:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_430:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_430:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_431:#originalStanceText=YES!!	god/post_431:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_432:#originalStanceText=YES!!	god/post_432:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_433:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_433:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_434:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_434:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_435:#originalStanceText=YES!!	god/post_435:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_436:#originalStanceText=YES!!	god/post_436:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_437:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_437:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_438:#originalStanceText=YES!!	god/post_438:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_439:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_439:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_44:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_44:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_440:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_440:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_441:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_441:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_442:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_442:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_443:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_443:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_444:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_444:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_445:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_445:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_446:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_446:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_447:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_447:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_448:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_448:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_449:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_449:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_45:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_45:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_450:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_450:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_451:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_451:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_452:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_452:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_453:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_453:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_454:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_454:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_455:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_455:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_456:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_456:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_457:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_457:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_458:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_458:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_459:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_459:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_46:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_46:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_460:#originalStanceText=YES!!	god/post_460:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_461:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_461:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_462:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_462:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_463:#originalStanceText=YES!!	god/post_463:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_464:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_464:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_465:#originalStanceText=YES!!	god/post_465:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_466:#originalStanceText=YES!!	god/post_466:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_467:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_467:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_468:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_468:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_469:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_469:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_47:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_47:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_470:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_470:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_471:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_471:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_472:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_472:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_473:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_473:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_474:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_474:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_475:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_475:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_476:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_476:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_477:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_477:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_478:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_478:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_479:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_479:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_48:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_48:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_480:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_480:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_481:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_481:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_482:#originalStanceText=No!!	god/post_482:#originalTopic=Do_you_believe_in_God_2
god/post_483:#originalStanceText=yes	god/post_483:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_484:#originalStanceText=NOPE	god/post_484:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_485:#originalStanceText=yes	god/post_485:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_486:#originalStanceText=yes	god/post_486:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_487:#originalStanceText=yes	god/post_487:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_488:#originalStanceText=NOPE	god/post_488:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_489:#originalStanceText=yes	god/post_489:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_49:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_49:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_490:#originalStanceText=yes	god/post_490:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_491:#originalStanceText=yes	god/post_491:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_492:#originalStanceText=NOPE	god/post_492:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_493:#originalStanceText=yes	god/post_493:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_494:#originalStanceText=yes	god/post_494:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_495:#originalStanceText=yes	god/post_495:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_496:#originalStanceText=yes	god/post_496:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_497:#originalStanceText=NOPE	god/post_497:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_498:#originalStanceText=yes	god/post_498:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_499:#originalStanceText=NOPE	god/post_499:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_5:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_5:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_50:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_50:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_500:#originalStanceText=yes	god/post_500:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_501:#originalStanceText=NOPE	god/post_501:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_502:#originalStanceText=yes	god/post_502:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_503:#originalStanceText=yes	god/post_503:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_504:#originalStanceText=yes	god/post_504:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_505:#originalStanceText=yes	god/post_505:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_506:#originalStanceText=yes	god/post_506:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_507:#originalStanceText=yes	god/post_507:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_508:#originalStanceText=yes	god/post_508:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_509:#originalStanceText=NOPE	god/post_509:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_51:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_51:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_510:#originalStanceText=yes	god/post_510:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_511:#originalStanceText=yes	god/post_511:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_512:#originalStanceText=yes	god/post_512:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_513:#originalStanceText=NOPE	god/post_513:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_514:#originalStanceText=yes	god/post_514:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_515:#originalStanceText=yes	god/post_515:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_516:#originalStanceText=yes	god/post_516:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_517:#originalStanceText=yes	god/post_517:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_518:#originalStanceText=yes	god/post_518:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_519:#originalStanceText=NOPE	god/post_519:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_52:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_52:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_520:#originalStanceText=NOPE	god/post_520:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_521:#originalStanceText=yes	god/post_521:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_522:#originalStanceText=yes	god/post_522:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_523:#originalStanceText=yes	god/post_523:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_524:#originalStanceText=NOPE	god/post_524:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_525:#originalStanceText=yes	god/post_525:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_526:#originalStanceText=NOPE	god/post_526:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_527:#originalStanceText=yes	god/post_527:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_528:#originalStanceText=NOPE	god/post_528:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_529:#originalStanceText=NOPE	god/post_529:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_53:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_53:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_530:#originalStanceText=yes	god/post_530:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_531:#originalStanceText=yes	god/post_531:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_532:#originalStanceText=yes	god/post_532:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_533:#originalStanceText=yes	god/post_533:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_534:#originalStanceText=NOPE	god/post_534:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_535:#originalStanceText=yes	god/post_535:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_536:#originalStanceText=yes	god/post_536:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_537:#originalStanceText=yes	god/post_537:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_538:#originalStanceText=yes	god/post_538:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_539:#originalStanceText=NOPE	god/post_539:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_54:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_54:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_540:#originalStanceText=NOPE	god/post_540:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_541:#originalStanceText=yes	god/post_541:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_542:#originalStanceText=yes	god/post_542:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_543:#originalStanceText=NOPE	god/post_543:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_544:#originalStanceText=NOPE	god/post_544:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_545:#originalStanceText=NOPE	god/post_545:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_546:#originalStanceText=NOPE	god/post_546:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_547:#originalStanceText=NOPE	god/post_547:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_548:#originalStanceText=NOPE	god/post_548:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_549:#originalStanceText=yes	god/post_549:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_55:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_55:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_550:#originalStanceText=NOPE	god/post_550:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_551:#originalStanceText=NOPE	god/post_551:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_552:#originalStanceText=NOPE	god/post_552:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_553:#originalStanceText=NOPE	god/post_553:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_554:#originalStanceText=NOPE	god/post_554:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_555:#originalStanceText=NOPE	god/post_555:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_556:#originalStanceText=yes	god/post_556:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_557:#originalStanceText=NOPE	god/post_557:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_558:#originalStanceText=NOPE	god/post_558:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_559:#originalStanceText=yes	god/post_559:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_56:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_56:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_560:#originalStanceText=NOPE	god/post_560:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_561:#originalStanceText=NOPE	god/post_561:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_562:#originalStanceText=NOPE	god/post_562:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_563:#originalStanceText=NOPE	god/post_563:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_564:#originalStanceText=NOPE	god/post_564:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_565:#originalStanceText=NOPE	god/post_565:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_566:#originalStanceText=NOPE	god/post_566:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_567:#originalStanceText=yes	god/post_567:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_568:#originalStanceText=NOPE	god/post_568:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_569:#originalStanceText=yes	god/post_569:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_57:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_57:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_570:#originalStanceText=NOPE	god/post_570:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_571:#originalStanceText=yes	god/post_571:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_572:#originalStanceText=NOPE	god/post_572:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_573:#originalStanceText=NOPE	god/post_573:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_574:#originalStanceText=NOPE	god/post_574:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_575:#originalStanceText=NOPE	god/post_575:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_576:#originalStanceText=NOPE	god/post_576:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_577:#originalStanceText=yes	god/post_577:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_578:#originalStanceText=NOPE	god/post_578:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_579:#originalStanceText=NOPE	god/post_579:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_58:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_58:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_580:#originalStanceText=NOPE	god/post_580:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_581:#originalStanceText=NOPE	god/post_581:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_582:#originalStanceText=yes	god/post_582:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_583:#originalStanceText=NOPE	god/post_583:#originalTopic=Does_God_really_Exist
god/post_584:#originalStanceText=Yes, for the greater good.	god/post_584:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_585:#originalStanceText=Yes, for the greater good.	god/post_585:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_586:#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.	god/post_586:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_587:#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.	god/post_587:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_588:#originalStanceText=Yes, for the greater good.	god/post_588:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_589:#originalStanceText=Yes, for the greater good.	god/post_589:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_59:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_59:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_590:#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.	god/post_590:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_591:#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.	god/post_591:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_592:#originalStanceText=Yes, for the greater good.	god/post_592:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_593:#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.	god/post_593:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_594:#originalStanceText=Yes, for the greater good.	god/post_594:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_595:#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.	god/post_595:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_596:#originalStanceText=Yes, for the greater good.	god/post_596:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_597:#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.	god/post_597:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_598:#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.	god/post_598:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_599:#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.	god/post_599:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_6:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_6:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_60:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_60:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_600:#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.	god/post_600:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_601:#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.	god/post_601:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_602:#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.	god/post_602:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_603:#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.	god/post_603:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_604:#originalStanceText=Yes, for the greater good.	god/post_604:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_605:#originalStanceText=Yes, for the greater good.	god/post_605:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_606:#originalStanceText=Yes, for the greater good.	god/post_606:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_607:#originalStanceText=Yes, for the greater good.	god/post_607:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_608:#originalStanceText=Yes, for the greater good.	god/post_608:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_609:#originalStanceText=Yes, for the greater good.	god/post_609:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_61:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_61:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_610:#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.	god/post_610:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_611:#originalStanceText=Yes, for the greater good.	god/post_611:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_612:#originalStanceText=Yes, for the greater good.	god/post_612:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_613:#originalStanceText=Yes, for the greater good.	god/post_613:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_614:#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.	god/post_614:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_615:#originalStanceText=Yes, for the greater good.	god/post_615:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_616:#originalStanceText=Yes, for the greater good.	god/post_616:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_617:#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.	god/post_617:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_618:#originalStanceText=Yes, for the greater good.	god/post_618:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_619:#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.	god/post_619:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_62:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_62:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_620:#originalStanceText=Yes, for the greater good.	god/post_620:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_621:#originalStanceText=Yes, for the greater good.	god/post_621:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_622:#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.	god/post_622:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_623:#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.	god/post_623:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_624:#originalStanceText=Yes, for the greater good.	god/post_624:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_625:#originalStanceText=Yes, for the greater good.	god/post_625:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_626:#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.	god/post_626:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_627:#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.	god/post_627:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_628:#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.	god/post_628:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_629:#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.	god/post_629:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_63:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_63:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_630:#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.	god/post_630:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_631:#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.	god/post_631:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_632:#originalStanceText=Yes, for the greater good.	god/post_632:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_633:#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.	god/post_633:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_634:#originalStanceText=Yes, for the greater good.	god/post_634:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_635:#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.	god/post_635:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_636:#originalStanceText=Yes, for the greater good.	god/post_636:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_637:#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.	god/post_637:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_638:#originalStanceText=Yes, for the greater good.	god/post_638:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_639:#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.	god/post_639:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_64:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_64:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_640:#originalStanceText=Yes, for the greater good.	god/post_640:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_641:#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.	god/post_641:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_642:#originalStanceText=Yes, for the greater good.	god/post_642:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_643:#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.	god/post_643:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_644:#originalStanceText=Yes, for the greater good.	god/post_644:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_645:#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.	god/post_645:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_646:#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.	god/post_646:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_647:#originalStanceText=Yes, for the greater good.	god/post_647:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_648:#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.	god/post_648:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_649:#originalStanceText=Yes, for the greater good.	god/post_649:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_65:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_65:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_650:#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.	god/post_650:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_651:#originalStanceText=Yes, for the greater good.	god/post_651:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_652:#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.	god/post_652:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_653:#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.	god/post_653:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_654:#originalStanceText=Yes, for the greater good.	god/post_654:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_655:#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.	god/post_655:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_656:#originalStanceText=Yes, for the greater good.	god/post_656:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_657:#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.	god/post_657:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_658:#originalStanceText=Yes, for the greater good.	god/post_658:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_659:#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.	god/post_659:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_66:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_66:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_660:#originalStanceText=Yes, for the greater good.	god/post_660:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_661:#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.	god/post_661:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_662:#originalStanceText=Yes, for the greater good.	god/post_662:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_663:#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.	god/post_663:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_664:#originalStanceText=Yes, for the greater good.	god/post_664:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_665:#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.	god/post_665:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_666:#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.	god/post_666:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_667:#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.	god/post_667:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_668:#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.	god/post_668:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_669:#originalStanceText=Yes, for the greater good.	god/post_669:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_67:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_67:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_670:#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.	god/post_670:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_671:#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.	god/post_671:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_672:#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.	god/post_672:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_673:#originalStanceText=Yes, for the greater good.	god/post_673:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_674:#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.	god/post_674:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_675:#originalStanceText=Yes, for the greater good.	god/post_675:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_676:#originalStanceText=Yes, for the greater good.	god/post_676:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_677:#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.	god/post_677:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_678:#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.	god/post_678:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_679:#originalStanceText=Yes, for the greater good.	god/post_679:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_68:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_68:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_680:#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.	god/post_680:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_681:#originalStanceText=Yes, for the greater good.	god/post_681:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_682:#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.	god/post_682:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_683:#originalStanceText=Yes, for the greater good.	god/post_683:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_684:#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.	god/post_684:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_685:#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.	god/post_685:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_686:#originalStanceText=Yes, for the greater good.	god/post_686:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_687:#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.	god/post_687:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_688:#originalStanceText=Yes, for the greater good.	god/post_688:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_689:#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.	god/post_689:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_69:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_69:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_690:#originalStanceText=Yes, for the greater good.	god/post_690:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_691:#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.	god/post_691:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_692:#originalStanceText=Yes, for the greater good.	god/post_692:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_693:#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.	god/post_693:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_694:#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.	god/post_694:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_695:#originalStanceText=Yes, for the greater good.	god/post_695:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_696:#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.	god/post_696:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_697:#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.	god/post_697:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_698:#originalStanceText=Yes, for the greater good.	god/post_698:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_699:#originalStanceText=Yes, for the greater good.	god/post_699:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_7:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_7:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_70:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_70:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_700:#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.	god/post_700:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_701:#originalStanceText=Yes, for the greater good.	god/post_701:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_702:#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.	god/post_702:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_703:#originalStanceText=Yes, for the greater good.	god/post_703:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_704:#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.	god/post_704:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_705:#originalStanceText=Yes, for the greater good.	god/post_705:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_706:#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.	god/post_706:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_707:#originalStanceText=Yes, for the greater good.	god/post_707:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_708:#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.	god/post_708:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_709:#originalStanceText=Yes, for the greater good.	god/post_709:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_71:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_71:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_710:#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.	god/post_710:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_711:#originalStanceText=Yes, for the greater good.	god/post_711:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_712:#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.	god/post_712:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_713:#originalStanceText=Yes, for the greater good.	god/post_713:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_714:#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.	god/post_714:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_715:#originalStanceText=Yes, for the greater good.	god/post_715:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_716:#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.	god/post_716:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_717:#originalStanceText=Yes, for the greater good.	god/post_717:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_718:#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.	god/post_718:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_719:#originalStanceText=Yes, for the greater good.	god/post_719:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_72:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_72:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_720:#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.	god/post_720:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_721:#originalStanceText=Yes, for the greater good.	god/post_721:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_722:#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.	god/post_722:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_723:#originalStanceText=Yes, for the greater good.	god/post_723:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_724:#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.	god/post_724:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_725:#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.	god/post_725:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_726:#originalStanceText=Yes, for the greater good.	god/post_726:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_727:#originalStanceText=Yes, for the greater good.	god/post_727:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_728:#originalStanceText=Yes, for the greater good.	god/post_728:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_729:#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.	god/post_729:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_73:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_73:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_730:#originalStanceText=Yes, for the greater good.	god/post_730:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_731:#originalStanceText=Yes, for the greater good.	god/post_731:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_732:#originalStanceText=Yes, for the greater good.	god/post_732:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_733:#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.	god/post_733:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_734:#originalStanceText=Yes, for the greater good.	god/post_734:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_735:#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.	god/post_735:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_736:#originalStanceText=Yes, for the greater good.	god/post_736:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_737:#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.	god/post_737:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_738:#originalStanceText=Yes, for the greater good.	god/post_738:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_739:#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.	god/post_739:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_74:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_74:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_740:#originalStanceText=Yes, for the greater good.	god/post_740:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_741:#originalStanceText=Yes, for the greater good.	god/post_741:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_742:#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.	god/post_742:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_743:#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.	god/post_743:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_744:#originalStanceText=Yes, for the greater good.	god/post_744:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_745:#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.	god/post_745:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_746:#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.	god/post_746:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_747:#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.	god/post_747:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_748:#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.	god/post_748:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_749:#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.	god/post_749:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_75:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_75:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_750:#originalStanceText=Yes, for the greater good.	god/post_750:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_751:#originalStanceText=No, for the greater good.	god/post_751:#originalTopic=Is_belief_in_God_for_the_GREATER_GOOD
god/post_752:#originalStanceText=Yes it is	god/post_752:#originalTopic=Is_life_believing_in_God_worth_it
god/post_753:#originalStanceText=Yes it is	god/post_753:#originalTopic=Is_life_believing_in_God_worth_it
god/post_754:#originalStanceText=Yes it is	god/post_754:#originalTopic=Is_life_believing_in_God_worth_it
god/post_755:#originalStanceText=no its not	god/post_755:#originalTopic=Is_life_believing_in_God_worth_it
god/post_756:#originalStanceText=Yes it is	god/post_756:#originalTopic=Is_life_believing_in_God_worth_it
god/post_757:#originalStanceText=no its not	god/post_757:#originalTopic=Is_life_believing_in_God_worth_it
god/post_758:#originalStanceText=Yes it is	god/post_758:#originalTopic=Is_life_believing_in_God_worth_it
god/post_759:#originalStanceText=no its not	god/post_759:#originalTopic=Is_life_believing_in_God_worth_it
god/post_76:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_76:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_760:#originalStanceText=Yes it is	god/post_760:#originalTopic=Is_life_believing_in_God_worth_it
god/post_761:#originalStanceText=no its not	god/post_761:#originalTopic=Is_life_believing_in_God_worth_it
god/post_762:#originalStanceText=Yes it is	god/post_762:#originalTopic=Is_life_believing_in_God_worth_it
god/post_763:#originalStanceText=Yes it is	god/post_763:#originalTopic=Is_life_believing_in_God_worth_it
god/post_764:#originalStanceText=Yes it is	god/post_764:#originalTopic=Is_life_believing_in_God_worth_it
god/post_765:#originalStanceText=Yes it is	god/post_765:#originalTopic=Is_life_believing_in_God_worth_it
god/post_766:#originalStanceText=Yes it is	god/post_766:#originalTopic=Is_life_believing_in_God_worth_it
god/post_767:#originalStanceText=Yes it is	god/post_767:#originalTopic=Is_life_believing_in_God_worth_it
god/post_768:#originalStanceText=Yes it is	god/post_768:#originalTopic=Is_life_believing_in_God_worth_it
god/post_769:#originalStanceText=Yes it is	god/post_769:#originalTopic=Is_life_believing_in_God_worth_it
god/post_77:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_77:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_770:#originalStanceText=no its not	god/post_770:#originalTopic=Is_life_believing_in_God_worth_it
god/post_771:#originalStanceText=Yes it is	god/post_771:#originalTopic=Is_life_believing_in_God_worth_it
god/post_772:#originalStanceText=Yes it is	god/post_772:#originalTopic=Is_life_believing_in_God_worth_it
god/post_773:#originalStanceText=Yes it is	god/post_773:#originalTopic=Is_life_believing_in_God_worth_it
god/post_774:#originalStanceText=Yes it is	god/post_774:#originalTopic=Is_life_believing_in_God_worth_it
god/post_775:#originalStanceText=Yes it is	god/post_775:#originalTopic=Is_life_believing_in_God_worth_it
god/post_776:#originalStanceText=Yes it is	god/post_776:#originalTopic=Is_life_believing_in_God_worth_it
god/post_777:#originalStanceText=Yes it is	god/post_777:#originalTopic=Is_life_believing_in_God_worth_it
god/post_778:#originalStanceText=Yes it is	god/post_778:#originalTopic=Is_life_believing_in_God_worth_it
god/post_779:#originalStanceText=Yes it is	god/post_779:#originalTopic=Is_life_believing_in_God_worth_it
god/post_78:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_78:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_780:#originalStanceText=Yes it is	god/post_780:#originalTopic=Is_life_believing_in_God_worth_it
god/post_781:#originalStanceText=no its not	god/post_781:#originalTopic=Is_life_believing_in_God_worth_it
god/post_782:#originalStanceText=Yes it is	god/post_782:#originalTopic=Is_life_believing_in_God_worth_it
god/post_783:#originalStanceText=no its not	god/post_783:#originalTopic=Is_life_believing_in_God_worth_it
god/post_784:#originalStanceText=Yes it is	god/post_784:#originalTopic=Is_life_believing_in_God_worth_it
god/post_785:#originalStanceText=no its not	god/post_785:#originalTopic=Is_life_believing_in_God_worth_it
god/post_786:#originalStanceText=Yes it is	god/post_786:#originalTopic=Is_life_believing_in_God_worth_it
god/post_787:#originalStanceText=no its not	god/post_787:#originalTopic=Is_life_believing_in_God_worth_it
god/post_788:#originalStanceText=Yes it is	god/post_788:#originalTopic=Is_life_believing_in_God_worth_it
god/post_789:#originalStanceText=no its not	god/post_789:#originalTopic=Is_life_believing_in_God_worth_it
god/post_79:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_79:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_790:#originalStanceText=no its not	god/post_790:#originalTopic=Is_life_believing_in_God_worth_it
god/post_791:#originalStanceText=Yes it is	god/post_791:#originalTopic=Is_life_believing_in_God_worth_it
god/post_792:#originalStanceText=no its not	god/post_792:#originalTopic=Is_life_believing_in_God_worth_it
god/post_793:#originalStanceText=no its not	god/post_793:#originalTopic=Is_life_believing_in_God_worth_it
god/post_794:#originalStanceText=no its not	god/post_794:#originalTopic=Is_life_believing_in_God_worth_it
god/post_795:#originalStanceText=Yes it is	god/post_795:#originalTopic=Is_life_believing_in_God_worth_it
god/post_796:#originalStanceText=no its not	god/post_796:#originalTopic=Is_life_believing_in_God_worth_it
god/post_797:#originalStanceText=Yes it is	god/post_797:#originalTopic=Is_life_believing_in_God_worth_it
god/post_798:#originalStanceText=no its not	god/post_798:#originalTopic=Is_life_believing_in_God_worth_it
god/post_799:#originalStanceText=Yes it is	god/post_799:#originalTopic=Is_life_believing_in_God_worth_it
god/post_8:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_8:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_80:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_80:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_800:#originalStanceText=no its not	god/post_800:#originalTopic=Is_life_believing_in_God_worth_it
god/post_801:#originalStanceText=no its not	god/post_801:#originalTopic=Is_life_believing_in_God_worth_it
god/post_802:#originalStanceText=no its not	god/post_802:#originalTopic=Is_life_believing_in_God_worth_it
god/post_803:#originalStanceText=Yes it is	god/post_803:#originalTopic=Is_life_believing_in_God_worth_it
god/post_804:#originalStanceText=no its not	god/post_804:#originalTopic=Is_life_believing_in_God_worth_it
god/post_805:#originalStanceText=no its not	god/post_805:#originalTopic=Is_life_believing_in_God_worth_it
god/post_806:#originalStanceText=Yes it is	god/post_806:#originalTopic=Is_life_believing_in_God_worth_it
god/post_807:#originalStanceText=no its not	god/post_807:#originalTopic=Is_life_believing_in_God_worth_it
god/post_808:#originalStanceText=no its not	god/post_808:#originalTopic=Is_life_believing_in_God_worth_it
god/post_809:#originalStanceText=no its not	god/post_809:#originalTopic=Is_life_believing_in_God_worth_it
god/post_81:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_81:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_810:#originalStanceText=no its not	god/post_810:#originalTopic=Is_life_believing_in_God_worth_it
god/post_811:#originalStanceText=no its not	god/post_811:#originalTopic=Is_life_believing_in_God_worth_it
god/post_812:#originalStanceText=no its not	god/post_812:#originalTopic=Is_life_believing_in_God_worth_it
god/post_813:#originalStanceText=no its not	god/post_813:#originalTopic=Is_life_believing_in_God_worth_it
god/post_814:#originalStanceText=Yes it is	god/post_814:#originalTopic=Is_life_believing_in_God_worth_it
god/post_815:#originalStanceText=Yes it is	god/post_815:#originalTopic=Is_life_believing_in_God_worth_it
god/post_816:#originalStanceText=no its not	god/post_816:#originalTopic=Is_life_believing_in_God_worth_it
god/post_817:#originalStanceText=Yes it is	god/post_817:#originalTopic=Is_life_believing_in_God_worth_it
god/post_818:#originalStanceText=no its not	god/post_818:#originalTopic=Is_life_believing_in_God_worth_it
god/post_819:#originalStanceText=Yes it is	god/post_819:#originalTopic=Is_life_believing_in_God_worth_it
god/post_82:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_82:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_820:#originalStanceText=no its not	god/post_820:#originalTopic=Is_life_believing_in_God_worth_it
god/post_821:#originalStanceText=Yes it is	god/post_821:#originalTopic=Is_life_believing_in_God_worth_it
god/post_822:#originalStanceText=no its not	god/post_822:#originalTopic=Is_life_believing_in_God_worth_it
god/post_823:#originalStanceText=no its not	god/post_823:#originalTopic=Is_life_believing_in_God_worth_it
god/post_824:#originalStanceText=Yes it is	god/post_824:#originalTopic=Is_life_believing_in_God_worth_it
god/post_825:#originalStanceText=no its not	god/post_825:#originalTopic=Is_life_believing_in_God_worth_it
god/post_826:#originalStanceText=no its not	god/post_826:#originalTopic=Is_life_believing_in_God_worth_it
god/post_827:#originalStanceText=Yes it is	god/post_827:#originalTopic=Is_life_believing_in_God_worth_it
god/post_828:#originalStanceText=no its not	god/post_828:#originalTopic=Is_life_believing_in_God_worth_it
god/post_829:#originalStanceText=no its not	god/post_829:#originalTopic=Is_life_believing_in_God_worth_it
god/post_83:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_83:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_830:#originalStanceText=no its not	god/post_830:#originalTopic=Is_life_believing_in_God_worth_it
god/post_831:#originalStanceText=no its not	god/post_831:#originalTopic=Is_life_believing_in_God_worth_it
god/post_832:#originalStanceText=no its not	god/post_832:#originalTopic=Is_life_believing_in_God_worth_it
god/post_833:#originalStanceText=Yes it is	god/post_833:#originalTopic=Is_life_believing_in_God_worth_it
god/post_834:#originalStanceText=no its not	god/post_834:#originalTopic=Is_life_believing_in_God_worth_it
god/post_835:#originalStanceText=Yes it is	god/post_835:#originalTopic=Is_life_believing_in_God_worth_it
god/post_836:#originalStanceText=no its not	god/post_836:#originalTopic=Is_life_believing_in_God_worth_it
god/post_837:#originalStanceText=for	god/post_837:#originalTopic=God_Does_Not_Exist
god/post_838:#originalStanceText=for	god/post_838:#originalTopic=God_Does_Not_Exist
god/post_839:#originalStanceText=for	god/post_839:#originalTopic=God_Does_Not_Exist
god/post_84:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_84:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_840:#originalStanceText=for	god/post_840:#originalTopic=God_Does_Not_Exist
god/post_841:#originalStanceText=for	god/post_841:#originalTopic=God_Does_Not_Exist
god/post_842:#originalStanceText=for	god/post_842:#originalTopic=God_Does_Not_Exist
god/post_843:#originalStanceText=for	god/post_843:#originalTopic=God_Does_Not_Exist
god/post_844:#originalStanceText=for	god/post_844:#originalTopic=God_Does_Not_Exist
god/post_845:#originalStanceText=for	god/post_845:#originalTopic=God_Does_Not_Exist
god/post_846:#originalStanceText=for	god/post_846:#originalTopic=God_Does_Not_Exist
god/post_847:#originalStanceText=for	god/post_847:#originalTopic=God_Does_Not_Exist
god/post_848:#originalStanceText=for	god/post_848:#originalTopic=God_Does_Not_Exist
god/post_849:#originalStanceText=for	god/post_849:#originalTopic=God_Does_Not_Exist
god/post_85:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_85:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_850:#originalStanceText=for	god/post_850:#originalTopic=God_Does_Not_Exist
god/post_851:#originalStanceText=for	god/post_851:#originalTopic=God_Does_Not_Exist
god/post_852:#originalStanceText=for	god/post_852:#originalTopic=God_Does_Not_Exist
god/post_853:#originalStanceText=for	god/post_853:#originalTopic=God_Does_Not_Exist
god/post_854:#originalStanceText=for	god/post_854:#originalTopic=God_Does_Not_Exist
god/post_855:#originalStanceText=for	god/post_855:#originalTopic=God_Does_Not_Exist
god/post_856:#originalStanceText=for	god/post_856:#originalTopic=God_Does_Not_Exist
god/post_857:#originalStanceText=for	god/post_857:#originalTopic=God_Does_Not_Exist
god/post_858:#originalStanceText=for	god/post_858:#originalTopic=God_Does_Not_Exist
god/post_859:#originalStanceText=for	god/post_859:#originalTopic=God_Does_Not_Exist
god/post_86:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_86:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_860:#originalStanceText=for	god/post_860:#originalTopic=God_Does_Not_Exist
god/post_861:#originalStanceText=for	god/post_861:#originalTopic=God_Does_Not_Exist
god/post_862:#originalStanceText=for	god/post_862:#originalTopic=God_Does_Not_Exist
god/post_863:#originalStanceText=for	god/post_863:#originalTopic=God_Does_Not_Exist
god/post_864:#originalStanceText=for	god/post_864:#originalTopic=God_Does_Not_Exist
god/post_865:#originalStanceText=for	god/post_865:#originalTopic=God_Does_Not_Exist
god/post_866:#originalStanceText=for	god/post_866:#originalTopic=God_Does_Not_Exist
god/post_867:#originalStanceText=for	god/post_867:#originalTopic=God_Does_Not_Exist
god/post_868:#originalStanceText=for	god/post_868:#originalTopic=God_Does_Not_Exist
god/post_869:#originalStanceText=for	god/post_869:#originalTopic=God_Does_Not_Exist
god/post_87:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_87:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_870:#originalStanceText=for	god/post_870:#originalTopic=God_Does_Not_Exist
god/post_871:#originalStanceText=for	god/post_871:#originalTopic=God_Does_Not_Exist
god/post_872:#originalStanceText=against	god/post_872:#originalTopic=God_Does_Not_Exist
god/post_873:#originalStanceText=against	god/post_873:#originalTopic=God_Does_Not_Exist
god/post_874:#originalStanceText=against	god/post_874:#originalTopic=God_Does_Not_Exist
god/post_875:#originalStanceText=against	god/post_875:#originalTopic=God_Does_Not_Exist
god/post_876:#originalStanceText=against	god/post_876:#originalTopic=God_Does_Not_Exist
god/post_877:#originalStanceText=against	god/post_877:#originalTopic=God_Does_Not_Exist
god/post_878:#originalStanceText=against	god/post_878:#originalTopic=God_Does_Not_Exist
god/post_879:#originalStanceText=against	god/post_879:#originalTopic=God_Does_Not_Exist
god/post_88:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_88:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_880:#originalStanceText=against	god/post_880:#originalTopic=God_Does_Not_Exist
god/post_881:#originalStanceText=against	god/post_881:#originalTopic=God_Does_Not_Exist
god/post_882:#originalStanceText=against	god/post_882:#originalTopic=God_Does_Not_Exist
god/post_883:#originalStanceText=against	god/post_883:#originalTopic=God_Does_Not_Exist
god/post_884:#originalStanceText=against	god/post_884:#originalTopic=God_Does_Not_Exist
god/post_885:#originalStanceText=against	god/post_885:#originalTopic=God_Does_Not_Exist
god/post_886:#originalStanceText=against	god/post_886:#originalTopic=God_Does_Not_Exist
god/post_887:#originalStanceText=against	god/post_887:#originalTopic=God_Does_Not_Exist
god/post_888:#originalStanceText=against	god/post_888:#originalTopic=God_Does_Not_Exist
god/post_889:#originalStanceText=against	god/post_889:#originalTopic=God_Does_Not_Exist
god/post_89:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_89:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_890:#originalStanceText=against	god/post_890:#originalTopic=God_Does_Not_Exist
god/post_891:#originalStanceText=against	god/post_891:#originalTopic=God_Does_Not_Exist
god/post_892:#originalStanceText=against	god/post_892:#originalTopic=God_Does_Not_Exist
god/post_893:#originalStanceText=against	god/post_893:#originalTopic=God_Does_Not_Exist
god/post_894:#originalStanceText=against	god/post_894:#originalTopic=God_Does_Not_Exist
god/post_895:#originalStanceText=against	god/post_895:#originalTopic=God_Does_Not_Exist
god/post_896:#originalStanceText=against	god/post_896:#originalTopic=God_Does_Not_Exist
god/post_897:#originalStanceText=against	god/post_897:#originalTopic=God_Does_Not_Exist
god/post_898:#originalStanceText=against	god/post_898:#originalTopic=God_Does_Not_Exist
god/post_899:#originalStanceText=against	god/post_899:#originalTopic=God_Does_Not_Exist
god/post_9:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_9:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_90:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_90:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_900:#originalStanceText=against	god/post_900:#originalTopic=God_Does_Not_Exist
god/post_901:#originalStanceText=against	god/post_901:#originalTopic=God_Does_Not_Exist
god/post_902:#originalStanceText=against	god/post_902:#originalTopic=God_Does_Not_Exist
god/post_903:#originalStanceText=against	god/post_903:#originalTopic=God_Does_Not_Exist
god/post_904:#originalStanceText=against	god/post_904:#originalTopic=God_Does_Not_Exist
god/post_905:#originalStanceText=against	god/post_905:#originalTopic=God_Does_Not_Exist
god/post_906:#originalStanceText=for	god/post_906:#originalTopic=God_Exists
god/post_907:#originalStanceText=for	god/post_907:#originalTopic=God_Exists
god/post_908:#originalStanceText=for	god/post_908:#originalTopic=God_Exists
god/post_909:#originalStanceText=for	god/post_909:#originalTopic=God_Exists
god/post_91:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_91:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_910:#originalStanceText=for	god/post_910:#originalTopic=God_Exists
god/post_911:#originalStanceText=for	god/post_911:#originalTopic=God_Exists
god/post_912:#originalStanceText=for	god/post_912:#originalTopic=God_Exists
god/post_913:#originalStanceText=for	god/post_913:#originalTopic=God_Exists
god/post_914:#originalStanceText=for	god/post_914:#originalTopic=God_Exists
god/post_915:#originalStanceText=for	god/post_915:#originalTopic=God_Exists
god/post_916:#originalStanceText=for	god/post_916:#originalTopic=God_Exists
god/post_917:#originalStanceText=for	god/post_917:#originalTopic=God_Exists
god/post_918:#originalStanceText=for	god/post_918:#originalTopic=God_Exists
god/post_919:#originalStanceText=for	god/post_919:#originalTopic=God_Exists
god/post_92:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_92:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_920:#originalStanceText=for	god/post_920:#originalTopic=God_Exists
god/post_921:#originalStanceText=for	god/post_921:#originalTopic=God_Exists
god/post_922:#originalStanceText=for	god/post_922:#originalTopic=God_Exists
god/post_923:#originalStanceText=for	god/post_923:#originalTopic=God_Exists
god/post_924:#originalStanceText=for	god/post_924:#originalTopic=God_Exists
god/post_925:#originalStanceText=for	god/post_925:#originalTopic=God_Exists
god/post_926:#originalStanceText=for	god/post_926:#originalTopic=God_Exists
god/post_927:#originalStanceText=for	god/post_927:#originalTopic=God_Exists
god/post_928:#originalStanceText=for	god/post_928:#originalTopic=God_Exists
god/post_929:#originalStanceText=for	god/post_929:#originalTopic=God_Exists
god/post_93:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_93:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_930:#originalStanceText=against	god/post_930:#originalTopic=God_Exists
god/post_931:#originalStanceText=against	god/post_931:#originalTopic=God_Exists
god/post_932:#originalStanceText=against	god/post_932:#originalTopic=God_Exists
god/post_933:#originalStanceText=against	god/post_933:#originalTopic=God_Exists
god/post_934:#originalStanceText=against	god/post_934:#originalTopic=God_Exists
god/post_935:#originalStanceText=against	god/post_935:#originalTopic=God_Exists
god/post_936:#originalStanceText=against	god/post_936:#originalTopic=God_Exists
god/post_937:#originalStanceText=against	god/post_937:#originalTopic=God_Exists
god/post_938:#originalStanceText=against	god/post_938:#originalTopic=God_Exists
god/post_939:#originalStanceText=against	god/post_939:#originalTopic=God_Exists
god/post_94:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_94:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_940:#originalStanceText=against	god/post_940:#originalTopic=God_Exists
god/post_941:#originalStanceText=against	god/post_941:#originalTopic=God_Exists
god/post_942:#originalStanceText=against	god/post_942:#originalTopic=God_Exists
god/post_943:#originalStanceText=against	god/post_943:#originalTopic=God_Exists
god/post_944:#originalStanceText=against	god/post_944:#originalTopic=God_Exists
god/post_945:#originalStanceText=against	god/post_945:#originalTopic=God_Exists
god/post_946:#originalStanceText=against	god/post_946:#originalTopic=God_Exists
god/post_947:#originalStanceText=against	god/post_947:#originalTopic=God_Exists
god/post_948:#originalStanceText=against	god/post_948:#originalTopic=God_Exists
god/post_949:#originalStanceText=against	god/post_949:#originalTopic=God_Exists
god/post_95:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_95:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_950:#originalStanceText=against	god/post_950:#originalTopic=God_Exists
god/post_951:#originalStanceText=against	god/post_951:#originalTopic=God_Exists
god/post_952:#originalStanceText=against	god/post_952:#originalTopic=God_Exists
god/post_96:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_96:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_97:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_97:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_98:#originalStanceText=No	god/post_98:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
god/post_99:#originalStanceText=Yes	god/post_99:#originalTopic=is-there-a-god
guns/post_0:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_0:#originalTopic=Debate:_Armed_pilots_in_airplanes
guns/post_1:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_1:#originalTopic=Debate:_Armed_pilots_in_airplanes
guns/post_10:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_10:#originalTopic=Debate:_Assault_weapons_ban_in_the_United_States
guns/post_100:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_100:#originalTopic=Debate:_DC_handgun_ban
guns/post_1000:#originalStanceText=against	guns/post_1000:#originalTopic=Gun_Ownership_Should_Be_Strictly_Controlled
guns/post_1001:#originalStanceText=for	guns/post_1001:#originalTopic=It_Would_Be_Much_Safer_If_Everyone_Carried_A_Gun
guns/post_1002:#originalStanceText=for	guns/post_1002:#originalTopic=It_Would_Be_Much_Safer_If_Everyone_Carried_A_Gun
guns/post_1003:#originalStanceText=for	guns/post_1003:#originalTopic=It_Would_Be_Much_Safer_If_Everyone_Carried_A_Gun
guns/post_1004:#originalStanceText=for	guns/post_1004:#originalTopic=It_Would_Be_Much_Safer_If_Everyone_Carried_A_Gun
guns/post_1005:#originalStanceText=for	guns/post_1005:#originalTopic=It_Would_Be_Much_Safer_If_Everyone_Carried_A_Gun
guns/post_1006:#originalStanceText=for	guns/post_1006:#originalTopic=It_Would_Be_Much_Safer_If_Everyone_Carried_A_Gun
guns/post_1007:#originalStanceText=for	guns/post_1007:#originalTopic=It_Would_Be_Much_Safer_If_Everyone_Carried_A_Gun
guns/post_1008:#originalStanceText=against	guns/post_1008:#originalTopic=It_Would_Be_Much_Safer_If_Everyone_Carried_A_Gun
guns/post_1009:#originalStanceText=against	guns/post_1009:#originalTopic=It_Would_Be_Much_Safer_If_Everyone_Carried_A_Gun
guns/post_101:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_101:#originalTopic=Debate:_DC_handgun_ban
guns/post_1010:#originalStanceText=against	guns/post_1010:#originalTopic=It_Would_Be_Much_Safer_If_Everyone_Carried_A_Gun
guns/post_1011:#originalStanceText=against	guns/post_1011:#originalTopic=It_Would_Be_Much_Safer_If_Everyone_Carried_A_Gun
guns/post_1012:#originalStanceText=against	guns/post_1012:#originalTopic=It_Would_Be_Much_Safer_If_Everyone_Carried_A_Gun
guns/post_1013:#originalStanceText=against	guns/post_1013:#originalTopic=It_Would_Be_Much_Safer_If_Everyone_Carried_A_Gun
guns/post_1014:#originalStanceText=against	guns/post_1014:#originalTopic=It_Would_Be_Much_Safer_If_Everyone_Carried_A_Gun
guns/post_1015:#originalStanceText=against	guns/post_1015:#originalTopic=It_Would_Be_Much_Safer_If_Everyone_Carried_A_Gun
guns/post_1016:#originalStanceText=against	guns/post_1016:#originalTopic=It_Would_Be_Much_Safer_If_Everyone_Carried_A_Gun
guns/post_1017:#originalStanceText=against	guns/post_1017:#originalTopic=It_Would_Be_Much_Safer_If_Everyone_Carried_A_Gun
guns/post_1018:#originalStanceText=against	guns/post_1018:#originalTopic=It_Would_Be_Much_Safer_If_Everyone_Carried_A_Gun
guns/post_1019:#originalStanceText=against	guns/post_1019:#originalTopic=It_Would_Be_Much_Safer_If_Everyone_Carried_A_Gun
guns/post_102:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_102:#originalTopic=Debate:_DC_handgun_ban
guns/post_1020:#originalStanceText=for	guns/post_1020:#originalTopic=People_Should_Have_The_Right_To_Own_Guns
guns/post_1021:#originalStanceText=for	guns/post_1021:#originalTopic=People_Should_Have_The_Right_To_Own_Guns
guns/post_1022:#originalStanceText=for	guns/post_1022:#originalTopic=People_Should_Have_The_Right_To_Own_Guns
guns/post_1023:#originalStanceText=for	guns/post_1023:#originalTopic=People_Should_Have_The_Right_To_Own_Guns
guns/post_1024:#originalStanceText=for	guns/post_1024:#originalTopic=People_Should_Have_The_Right_To_Own_Guns
guns/post_1025:#originalStanceText=for	guns/post_1025:#originalTopic=People_Should_Have_The_Right_To_Own_Guns
guns/post_1026:#originalStanceText=for	guns/post_1026:#originalTopic=People_Should_Have_The_Right_To_Own_Guns
guns/post_1027:#originalStanceText=for	guns/post_1027:#originalTopic=People_Should_Have_The_Right_To_Own_Guns
guns/post_1028:#originalStanceText=for	guns/post_1028:#originalTopic=People_Should_Have_The_Right_To_Own_Guns
guns/post_1029:#originalStanceText=for	guns/post_1029:#originalTopic=People_Should_Have_The_Right_To_Own_Guns
guns/post_103:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_103:#originalTopic=Debate:_DC_handgun_ban
guns/post_1030:#originalStanceText=for	guns/post_1030:#originalTopic=People_Should_Have_The_Right_To_Own_Guns
guns/post_1031:#originalStanceText=for	guns/post_1031:#originalTopic=People_Should_Have_The_Right_To_Own_Guns
guns/post_1032:#originalStanceText=for	guns/post_1032:#originalTopic=People_Should_Have_The_Right_To_Own_Guns
guns/post_1033:#originalStanceText=for	guns/post_1033:#originalTopic=People_Should_Have_The_Right_To_Own_Guns
guns/post_1034:#originalStanceText=for	guns/post_1034:#originalTopic=People_Should_Have_The_Right_To_Own_Guns
guns/post_1035:#originalStanceText=for	guns/post_1035:#originalTopic=People_Should_Have_The_Right_To_Own_Guns
guns/post_1036:#originalStanceText=for	guns/post_1036:#originalTopic=People_Should_Have_The_Right_To_Own_Guns
guns/post_1037:#originalStanceText=for	guns/post_1037:#originalTopic=People_Should_Have_The_Right_To_Own_Guns
guns/post_1038:#originalStanceText=for	guns/post_1038:#originalTopic=People_Should_Have_The_Right_To_Own_Guns
guns/post_1039:#originalStanceText=against	guns/post_1039:#originalTopic=People_Should_Have_The_Right_To_Own_Guns
guns/post_104:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_104:#originalTopic=Debate:_DC_handgun_ban
guns/post_1040:#originalStanceText=against	guns/post_1040:#originalTopic=People_Should_Have_The_Right_To_Own_Guns
guns/post_1041:#originalStanceText=against	guns/post_1041:#originalTopic=People_Should_Have_The_Right_To_Own_Guns
guns/post_1042:#originalStanceText=against	guns/post_1042:#originalTopic=People_Should_Have_The_Right_To_Own_Guns
guns/post_1043:#originalStanceText=against	guns/post_1043:#originalTopic=People_Should_Have_The_Right_To_Own_Guns
guns/post_1044:#originalStanceText=against	guns/post_1044:#originalTopic=People_Should_Have_The_Right_To_Own_Guns
guns/post_1045:#originalStanceText=against	guns/post_1045:#originalTopic=People_Should_Have_The_Right_To_Own_Guns
guns/post_1046:#originalStanceText=against	guns/post_1046:#originalTopic=People_Should_Have_The_Right_To_Own_Guns
guns/post_1047:#originalStanceText=against	guns/post_1047:#originalTopic=People_Should_Have_The_Right_To_Own_Guns
guns/post_1048:#originalStanceText=against	guns/post_1048:#originalTopic=People_Should_Have_The_Right_To_Own_Guns
guns/post_1049:#originalStanceText=against	guns/post_1049:#originalTopic=People_Should_Have_The_Right_To_Own_Guns
guns/post_105:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_105:#originalTopic=Debate:_DC_handgun_ban
guns/post_1050:#originalStanceText=against	guns/post_1050:#originalTopic=People_Should_Have_The_Right_To_Own_Guns
guns/post_1051:#originalStanceText=for	guns/post_1051:#originalTopic=Teachers_Packing_Concealed_Guns_On_School_Campus_In_Texas_Near_Oklahoma_Boarder_Is_Good_Idea
guns/post_1052:#originalStanceText=for	guns/post_1052:#originalTopic=Teachers_Packing_Concealed_Guns_On_School_Campus_In_Texas_Near_Oklahoma_Boarder_Is_Good_Idea
guns/post_1053:#originalStanceText=against	guns/post_1053:#originalTopic=Teachers_Packing_Concealed_Guns_On_School_Campus_In_Texas_Near_Oklahoma_Boarder_Is_Good_Idea
guns/post_1054:#originalStanceText=for	guns/post_1054:#originalTopic=should_Guns_Be_Illigal
guns/post_1055:#originalStanceText=for	guns/post_1055:#originalTopic=should_Guns_Be_Illigal
guns/post_1056:#originalStanceText=for	guns/post_1056:#originalTopic=should_Guns_Be_Illigal
guns/post_1057:#originalStanceText=for	guns/post_1057:#originalTopic=should_Guns_Be_Illigal
guns/post_1058:#originalStanceText=against	guns/post_1058:#originalTopic=should_Guns_Be_Illigal
guns/post_1059:#originalStanceText=against	guns/post_1059:#originalTopic=should_Guns_Be_Illigal
guns/post_106:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_106:#originalTopic=Debate:_DC_handgun_ban
guns/post_1060:#originalStanceText=against	guns/post_1060:#originalTopic=should_Guns_Be_Illigal
guns/post_1061:#originalStanceText=against	guns/post_1061:#originalTopic=should_Guns_Be_Illigal
guns/post_1062:#originalStanceText=against	guns/post_1062:#originalTopic=should_Guns_Be_Illigal
guns/post_1063:#originalStanceText=against	guns/post_1063:#originalTopic=should_Guns_Be_Illigal
guns/post_1064:#originalStanceText=against	guns/post_1064:#originalTopic=should_Guns_Be_Illigal
guns/post_1065:#originalStanceText=against	guns/post_1065:#originalTopic=should_Guns_Be_Illigal
guns/post_1066:#originalStanceText=against	guns/post_1066:#originalTopic=should_Guns_Be_Illigal
guns/post_1067:#originalStanceText=against	guns/post_1067:#originalTopic=should_Guns_Be_Illigal
guns/post_1068:#originalStanceText=against	guns/post_1068:#originalTopic=should_Guns_Be_Illigal
guns/post_107:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_107:#originalTopic=Debate:_DC_handgun_ban
guns/post_108:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_108:#originalTopic=Debate:_DC_handgun_ban
guns/post_109:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_109:#originalTopic=Debate:_DC_handgun_ban
guns/post_11:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_11:#originalTopic=Debate:_Assault_weapons_ban_in_the_United_States
guns/post_110:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_110:#originalTopic=Debate:_DC_handgun_ban
guns/post_111:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_111:#originalTopic=Debate:_DC_handgun_ban
guns/post_112:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_112:#originalTopic=Debate:_DC_handgun_ban
guns/post_113:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_113:#originalTopic=Debate:_DC_handgun_ban
guns/post_114:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_114:#originalTopic=Debate:_DC_handgun_ban
guns/post_115:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_115:#originalTopic=Debate:_DC_handgun_ban
guns/post_116:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_116:#originalTopic=Debate:_Right_to_bear_arms_in_the_US
guns/post_117:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_117:#originalTopic=Debate:_Right_to_bear_arms_in_the_US
guns/post_118:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_118:#originalTopic=Debate:_Right_to_bear_arms_in_the_US
guns/post_119:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_119:#originalTopic=Debate:_Right_to_bear_arms_in_the_US
guns/post_12:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_12:#originalTopic=Debate:_Assault_weapons_ban_in_the_United_States
guns/post_120:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_120:#originalTopic=Debate:_Right_to_bear_arms_in_the_US
guns/post_121:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_121:#originalTopic=Debate:_Right_to_bear_arms_in_the_US
guns/post_122:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_122:#originalTopic=Debate:_Right_to_bear_arms_in_the_US
guns/post_123:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_123:#originalTopic=Debate:_Right_to_bear_arms_in_the_US
guns/post_124:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_124:#originalTopic=Debate:_Right_to_bear_arms_in_the_US
guns/post_125:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_125:#originalTopic=Debate:_Right_to_bear_arms_in_the_US
guns/post_126:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_126:#originalTopic=Debate:_Right_to_bear_arms_in_the_US
guns/post_127:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_127:#originalTopic=Debate:_Right_to_bear_arms_in_the_US
guns/post_128:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_128:#originalTopic=Debate:_Right_to_bear_arms_in_the_US
guns/post_129:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_129:#originalTopic=Debate:_Right_to_bear_arms_in_the_US
guns/post_13:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_13:#originalTopic=Debate:_Assault_weapons_ban_in_the_United_States
guns/post_130:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_130:#originalTopic=Debate:_Right_to_bear_arms_in_the_US
guns/post_131:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_131:#originalTopic=Debate:_Right_to_bear_arms_in_the_US
guns/post_132:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_132:#originalTopic=Debate:_Right_to_bear_arms_in_the_US
guns/post_133:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_133:#originalTopic=Debate:_Right_to_bear_arms_in_the_US
guns/post_134:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_134:#originalTopic=Debate:_Right_to_bear_arms_in_the_US
guns/post_135:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_135:#originalTopic=Debate:_Right_to_bear_arms_in_the_US
guns/post_136:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_136:#originalTopic=Debate:_Right_to_bear_arms_in_the_US
guns/post_137:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_137:#originalTopic=Debate:_Right_to_bear_arms_in_the_US
guns/post_138:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_138:#originalTopic=Debate:_Right_to_bear_arms_in_the_US
guns/post_139:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_139:#originalTopic=Debate:_Right_to_bear_arms_in_the_US
guns/post_14:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_14:#originalTopic=Debate:_Assault_weapons_ban_in_the_United_States
guns/post_140:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_140:#originalTopic=Debate:_Right_to_bear_arms_in_the_US
guns/post_141:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_141:#originalTopic=Debate:_Right_to_bear_arms_in_the_US
guns/post_142:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_142:#originalTopic=Debate:_Right_to_bear_arms_in_the_US
guns/post_143:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_143:#originalTopic=Debate:_Right_to_bear_arms_in_the_US
guns/post_144:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_144:#originalTopic=Debate:_Right_to_bear_arms_in_the_US
guns/post_145:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_145:#originalTopic=Debate:_Right_to_bear_arms_in_the_US
guns/post_146:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_146:#originalTopic=Debate:_Right_to_bear_arms_in_the_US
guns/post_147:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_147:#originalTopic=Debate:_Right_to_bear_arms_in_the_US
guns/post_148:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_148:#originalTopic=Debate:_Right_to_bear_arms_in_the_US
guns/post_149:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_149:#originalTopic=Debate:_Right_to_bear_arms_in_the_US
guns/post_15:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_15:#originalTopic=Debate:_Assault_weapons_ban_in_the_United_States
guns/post_150:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_150:#originalTopic=Debate:_Right_to_bear_arms_in_the_US
guns/post_151:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_151:#originalTopic=Debate:_Right_to_bear_arms_in_the_US
guns/post_152:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_152:#originalTopic=Debate:_Right_to_bear_arms_in_the_US
guns/post_153:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_153:#originalTopic=Debate:_Right_to_bear_arms_in_the_US
guns/post_154:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_154:#originalTopic=Debate:_Right_to_bear_arms_in_the_US
guns/post_155:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_155:#originalTopic=Debate:_Right_to_bear_arms_in_the_US
guns/post_156:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_156:#originalTopic=Debate:_Right_to_bear_arms_in_the_US
guns/post_157:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_157:#originalTopic=Debate:_Right_to_bear_arms_in_the_US
guns/post_158:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_158:#originalTopic=Debate:_Right_to_bear_arms_in_the_US
guns/post_159:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_159:#originalTopic=Debate:_Right_to_bear_arms_in_the_US
guns/post_16:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_16:#originalTopic=Debate:_Assault_weapons_ban_in_the_United_States
guns/post_160:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_160:#originalTopic=Debate:_Right_to_bear_arms_in_the_US
guns/post_161:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_161:#originalTopic=Debate:_Right_to_bear_arms_in_the_US
guns/post_162:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_162:#originalTopic=Debate:_Right_to_bear_arms_in_the_US
guns/post_163:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_163:#originalTopic=Debate:_Right_to_bear_arms_in_the_US
guns/post_164:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_164:#originalTopic=Debate:_Right_to_bear_arms_in_the_US
guns/post_165:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_165:#originalTopic=Debate:_Right_to_bear_arms_in_the_US
guns/post_166:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_166:#originalTopic=Debate:_Right_to_bear_arms_in_the_US
guns/post_167:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_167:#originalTopic=Debate:_Right_to_bear_arms_in_the_US
guns/post_168:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_168:#originalTopic=Debate:_Right_to_bear_arms_in_the_US
guns/post_169:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_169:#originalTopic=Debate:_Right_to_bear_arms_in_the_US
guns/post_17:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_17:#originalTopic=Debate:_Assault_weapons_ban_in_the_United_States
guns/post_170:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_170:#originalTopic=Debate:_Right_to_bear_arms_in_the_US
guns/post_171:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_171:#originalTopic=Debate:_Right_to_bear_arms_in_the_US
guns/post_172:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_172:#originalTopic=Debate:_Right_to_bear_arms_in_the_US
guns/post_173:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_173:#originalTopic=Debate:_Right_to_bear_arms_in_the_US
guns/post_174:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_174:#originalTopic=Debate:_Right_to_bear_arms_in_the_US
guns/post_175:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_175:#originalTopic=Debate:_Right_to_bear_arms_in_the_US
guns/post_176:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_176:#originalTopic=Debate:_Right_to_bear_arms_in_the_US
guns/post_177:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_177:#originalTopic=Debate:_Right_to_bear_arms_in_the_US
guns/post_178:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_178:#originalTopic=Debate:_Right_to_bear_arms_in_the_US
guns/post_179:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_179:#originalTopic=Debate:_Right_to_bear_arms_in_the_US
guns/post_18:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_18:#originalTopic=Debate:_Assault_weapons_ban_in_the_United_States
guns/post_180:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_180:#originalTopic=Debate:_Right_to_bear_arms_in_the_US
guns/post_181:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_181:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_182:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_182:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_183:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_183:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_184:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_184:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_185:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_185:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_186:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_186:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_187:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_187:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_188:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_188:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_189:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_189:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_19:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_19:#originalTopic=Debate:_Assault_weapons_ban_in_the_United_States
guns/post_190:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_190:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_191:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_191:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_192:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_192:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_193:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_193:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_194:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_194:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_195:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_195:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_196:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_196:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_197:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_197:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_198:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_198:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_199:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_199:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_2:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_2:#originalTopic=Debate:_Armed_pilots_in_airplanes
guns/post_20:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_20:#originalTopic=Debate:_Assault_weapons_ban_in_the_United_States
guns/post_200:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_200:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_201:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_201:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_202:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_202:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_203:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_203:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_204:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_204:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_205:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_205:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_206:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_206:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_207:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_207:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_208:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_208:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_209:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_209:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_21:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_21:#originalTopic=Debate:_Assault_weapons_ban_in_the_United_States
guns/post_210:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_210:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_211:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_211:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_212:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_212:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_213:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_213:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_214:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_214:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_215:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_215:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_216:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_216:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_217:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_217:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_218:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_218:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_219:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_219:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_22:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_22:#originalTopic=Debate:_Assault_weapons_ban_in_the_United_States
guns/post_220:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_220:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_221:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_221:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_222:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_222:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_223:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_223:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_224:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_224:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_225:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_225:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_226:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_226:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_227:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_227:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_228:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_228:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_229:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_229:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_23:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_23:#originalTopic=Debate:_Assault_weapons_ban_in_the_United_States
guns/post_230:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_230:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_231:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_231:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_232:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_232:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_233:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_233:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_234:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_234:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_235:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_235:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_236:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_236:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_237:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_237:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_238:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_238:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_239:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_239:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_24:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_24:#originalTopic=Debate:_Assault_weapons_ban_in_the_United_States
guns/post_240:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_240:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_241:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_241:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_242:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_242:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_243:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_243:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_244:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_244:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_245:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_245:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_246:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_246:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_247:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_247:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_248:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_248:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_249:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_249:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_25:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_25:#originalTopic=Debate:_Assault_weapons_ban_in_the_United_States
guns/post_250:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_250:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_251:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_251:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_252:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_252:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_253:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_253:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_254:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_254:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_255:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_255:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_256:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_256:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_257:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_257:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_258:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_258:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_259:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_259:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_26:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_26:#originalTopic=Debate:_Assault_weapons_ban_in_the_United_States
guns/post_260:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_260:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_261:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_261:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_262:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_262:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_263:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_263:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_264:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_264:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_265:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_265:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_266:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_266:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_267:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_267:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_268:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_268:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_269:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_269:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_27:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_27:#originalTopic=Debate:_Assault_weapons_ban_in_the_United_States
guns/post_270:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_270:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_271:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_271:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_272:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_272:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_273:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_273:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_274:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_274:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_275:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_275:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_276:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_276:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_277:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_277:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_278:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_278:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_279:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_279:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_28:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_28:#originalTopic=Debate:_Assault_weapons_ban_in_the_United_States
guns/post_280:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_280:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_281:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_281:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_282:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_282:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_283:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_283:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_284:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_284:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_285:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_285:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_286:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_286:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_287:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_287:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_288:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_288:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_289:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_289:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_29:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_29:#originalTopic=Debate:_Assault_weapons_ban_in_the_United_States
guns/post_290:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_290:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_291:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_291:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_292:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_292:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_293:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_293:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_294:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_294:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_295:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_295:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_296:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_296:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_297:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_297:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_298:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_298:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_299:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_299:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_3:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_3:#originalTopic=Debate:_Armed_pilots_in_airplanes
guns/post_30:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_30:#originalTopic=Debate:_Assault_weapons_ban_in_the_United_States
guns/post_300:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_300:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_301:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_301:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_302:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_302:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_303:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_303:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_304:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_304:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_305:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_305:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_306:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_306:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_307:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_307:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_308:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_308:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_309:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_309:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_31:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_31:#originalTopic=Debate:_Assault_weapons_ban_in_the_United_States
guns/post_310:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_310:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_311:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_311:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_312:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_312:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_313:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_313:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_314:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_314:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_315:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_315:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_316:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_316:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_317:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_317:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_318:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_318:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_319:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_319:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_32:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_32:#originalTopic=Debate:_Assault_weapons_ban_in_the_United_States
guns/post_320:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_320:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_321:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_321:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_322:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_322:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_323:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_323:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_324:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_324:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_325:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_325:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_326:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_326:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_327:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_327:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_328:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_328:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_329:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_329:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_33:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_33:#originalTopic=Debate:_Assault_weapons_ban_in_the_United_States
guns/post_330:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_330:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_331:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_331:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_332:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_332:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_333:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_333:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_334:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_334:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_335:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_335:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_336:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_336:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_337:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_337:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_338:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_338:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_339:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_339:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_34:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_34:#originalTopic=Debate:_Assault_weapons_ban_in_the_United_States
guns/post_340:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_340:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_341:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_341:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_342:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_342:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_343:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_343:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_344:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_344:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_345:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_345:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_346:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_346:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_347:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_347:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_348:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_348:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_349:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_349:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_35:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_35:#originalTopic=Debate:_Assault_weapons_ban_in_the_United_States
guns/post_350:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_350:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_351:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_351:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_352:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_352:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_353:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_353:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_354:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_354:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_355:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_355:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_356:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_356:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_357:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_357:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_358:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_358:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_359:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_359:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_36:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_36:#originalTopic=Debate:_Assault_weapons_ban_in_the_United_States
guns/post_360:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_360:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_361:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_361:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_362:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_362:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_363:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_363:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_364:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_364:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_365:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_365:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_366:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_366:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_367:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_367:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_368:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_368:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_369:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_369:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_37:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_37:#originalTopic=Debate:_Assault_weapons_ban_in_the_United_States
guns/post_370:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_370:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_371:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_371:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_372:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_372:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_373:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_373:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_374:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_374:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_375:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_375:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_376:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_376:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_377:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_377:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_378:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_378:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_379:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_379:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_38:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_38:#originalTopic=Debate:_Assault_weapons_ban_in_the_United_States
guns/post_380:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_380:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_381:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_381:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_382:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_382:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_383:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_383:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_384:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_384:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_385:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_385:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_386:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_386:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_387:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_387:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_388:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_388:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_389:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_389:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_39:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_39:#originalTopic=Debate:_Assault_weapons_ban_in_the_United_States
guns/post_390:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_390:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_391:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_391:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_392:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_392:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_393:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_393:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_394:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_394:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_395:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_395:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_396:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_396:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_397:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_397:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_398:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_398:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_399:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_399:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_4:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_4:#originalTopic=Debate:_Armed_pilots_in_airplanes
guns/post_40:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_40:#originalTopic=Debate:_Assault_weapons_ban_in_the_United_States
guns/post_400:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_400:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_401:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_401:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_402:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_402:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_403:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_403:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_404:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_404:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_405:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_405:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_406:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_406:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_407:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_407:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_408:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_408:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_409:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_409:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_41:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_41:#originalTopic=Debate:_Assault_weapons_ban_in_the_United_States
guns/post_410:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_410:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_411:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_411:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_412:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_412:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_413:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_413:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_414:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_414:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_415:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_415:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_416:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_416:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_417:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_417:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_418:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_418:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_419:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_419:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_42:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_42:#originalTopic=Debate:_Assault_weapons_ban_in_the_United_States
guns/post_420:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_420:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_421:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_421:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_422:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_422:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_423:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_423:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_424:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_424:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_425:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_425:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_426:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_426:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_427:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_427:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_428:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_428:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_429:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_429:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_43:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_43:#originalTopic=Debate:_Assault_weapons_ban_in_the_United_States
guns/post_430:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_430:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_431:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_431:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_432:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_432:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_433:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_433:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_434:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_434:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_435:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_435:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_436:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_436:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_437:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_437:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_438:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_438:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_439:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_439:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_44:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_44:#originalTopic=Debate:_Assault_weapons_ban_in_the_United_States
guns/post_440:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_440:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_441:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_441:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_442:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_442:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_443:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_443:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_444:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_444:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_445:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_445:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_446:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_446:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_447:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_447:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_448:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_448:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_449:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_449:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_45:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_45:#originalTopic=Debate:_Assault_weapons_ban_in_the_United_States
guns/post_450:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_450:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_451:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_451:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_452:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_452:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_453:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_453:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_454:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_454:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_455:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_455:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_456:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_456:#originalTopic=does-owning-a-gun-make-you-safer
guns/post_457:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_457:#originalTopic=should-loaded-and-concealed-guns-be-allowed-in-national-parks
guns/post_458:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_458:#originalTopic=should-loaded-and-concealed-guns-be-allowed-in-national-parks
guns/post_459:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_459:#originalTopic=should-loaded-and-concealed-guns-be-allowed-in-national-parks
guns/post_46:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_46:#originalTopic=Debate:_Assault_weapons_ban_in_the_United_States
guns/post_460:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_460:#originalTopic=should-loaded-and-concealed-guns-be-allowed-in-national-parks
guns/post_461:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_461:#originalTopic=should-loaded-and-concealed-guns-be-allowed-in-national-parks
guns/post_462:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_462:#originalTopic=should-loaded-and-concealed-guns-be-allowed-in-national-parks
guns/post_463:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_463:#originalTopic=should-loaded-and-concealed-guns-be-allowed-in-national-parks
guns/post_464:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_464:#originalTopic=should-loaded-and-concealed-guns-be-allowed-in-national-parks
guns/post_465:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_465:#originalTopic=should-loaded-and-concealed-guns-be-allowed-in-national-parks
guns/post_466:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_466:#originalTopic=should-loaded-and-concealed-guns-be-allowed-in-national-parks
guns/post_467:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_467:#originalTopic=should-loaded-and-concealed-guns-be-allowed-in-national-parks
guns/post_468:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_468:#originalTopic=should-loaded-and-concealed-guns-be-allowed-in-national-parks
guns/post_469:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_469:#originalTopic=should-loaded-and-concealed-guns-be-allowed-in-national-parks
guns/post_47:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_47:#originalTopic=Debate:_DC_handgun_ban
guns/post_470:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_470:#originalTopic=should-loaded-and-concealed-guns-be-allowed-in-national-parks
guns/post_471:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_471:#originalTopic=should-loaded-and-concealed-guns-be-allowed-in-national-parks
guns/post_472:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_472:#originalTopic=should-loaded-and-concealed-guns-be-allowed-in-national-parks
guns/post_473:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_473:#originalTopic=should-loaded-and-concealed-guns-be-allowed-in-national-parks
guns/post_474:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_474:#originalTopic=should-loaded-and-concealed-guns-be-allowed-in-national-parks
guns/post_475:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_475:#originalTopic=should-loaded-and-concealed-guns-be-allowed-in-national-parks
guns/post_476:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_476:#originalTopic=should-loaded-and-concealed-guns-be-allowed-in-national-parks
guns/post_477:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_477:#originalTopic=should-loaded-and-concealed-guns-be-allowed-in-national-parks
guns/post_478:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_478:#originalTopic=should-loaded-and-concealed-guns-be-allowed-in-national-parks
guns/post_479:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_479:#originalTopic=should-loaded-and-concealed-guns-be-allowed-in-national-parks
guns/post_48:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_48:#originalTopic=Debate:_DC_handgun_ban
guns/post_480:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_480:#originalTopic=should-loaded-and-concealed-guns-be-allowed-in-national-parks
guns/post_481:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_481:#originalTopic=should-loaded-and-concealed-guns-be-allowed-in-national-parks
guns/post_482:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_482:#originalTopic=should-loaded-and-concealed-guns-be-allowed-in-national-parks
guns/post_483:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_483:#originalTopic=should-loaded-and-concealed-guns-be-allowed-in-national-parks
guns/post_484:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_484:#originalTopic=should-loaded-and-concealed-guns-be-allowed-in-national-parks
guns/post_485:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_485:#originalTopic=should-loaded-and-concealed-guns-be-allowed-in-national-parks
guns/post_486:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_486:#originalTopic=should-loaded-and-concealed-guns-be-allowed-in-national-parks
guns/post_487:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_487:#originalTopic=should-loaded-and-concealed-guns-be-allowed-in-national-parks
guns/post_488:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_488:#originalTopic=should-loaded-and-concealed-guns-be-allowed-in-national-parks
guns/post_489:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_489:#originalTopic=should-loaded-and-concealed-guns-be-allowed-in-national-parks
guns/post_49:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_49:#originalTopic=Debate:_DC_handgun_ban
guns/post_490:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_490:#originalTopic=should-loaded-and-concealed-guns-be-allowed-in-national-parks
guns/post_491:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_491:#originalTopic=should-loaded-and-concealed-guns-be-allowed-in-national-parks
guns/post_492:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_492:#originalTopic=should-loaded-and-concealed-guns-be-allowed-in-national-parks
guns/post_493:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_493:#originalTopic=should-loaded-and-concealed-guns-be-allowed-in-national-parks
guns/post_494:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_494:#originalTopic=should-loaded-and-concealed-guns-be-allowed-in-national-parks
guns/post_495:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_495:#originalTopic=should-loaded-and-concealed-guns-be-allowed-in-national-parks
guns/post_496:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_496:#originalTopic=should-loaded-and-concealed-guns-be-allowed-in-national-parks
guns/post_497:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_497:#originalTopic=should-loaded-and-concealed-guns-be-allowed-in-national-parks
guns/post_498:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_498:#originalTopic=should-loaded-and-concealed-guns-be-allowed-in-national-parks
guns/post_499:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_499:#originalTopic=should-loaded-and-concealed-guns-be-allowed-in-national-parks
guns/post_5:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_5:#originalTopic=Debate:_Armed_pilots_in_airplanes
guns/post_50:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_50:#originalTopic=Debate:_DC_handgun_ban
guns/post_500:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_500:#originalTopic=should-loaded-and-concealed-guns-be-allowed-in-national-parks
guns/post_501:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_501:#originalTopic=should-loaded-and-concealed-guns-be-allowed-in-national-parks
guns/post_502:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_502:#originalTopic=should-loaded-and-concealed-guns-be-allowed-in-national-parks
guns/post_503:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_503:#originalTopic=should-loaded-and-concealed-guns-be-allowed-in-national-parks
guns/post_504:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_504:#originalTopic=should-loaded-and-concealed-guns-be-allowed-in-national-parks
guns/post_505:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_505:#originalTopic=should-loaded-and-concealed-guns-be-allowed-in-national-parks
guns/post_506:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_506:#originalTopic=should-loaded-and-concealed-guns-be-allowed-in-national-parks
guns/post_507:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_507:#originalTopic=should-loaded-and-concealed-guns-be-allowed-in-national-parks
guns/post_508:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_508:#originalTopic=should-loaded-and-concealed-guns-be-allowed-in-national-parks
guns/post_509:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_509:#originalTopic=should-loaded-and-concealed-guns-be-allowed-in-national-parks
guns/post_51:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_51:#originalTopic=Debate:_DC_handgun_ban
guns/post_510:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_510:#originalTopic=should-loaded-and-concealed-guns-be-allowed-in-national-parks
guns/post_511:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_511:#originalTopic=should-loaded-and-concealed-guns-be-allowed-in-national-parks
guns/post_512:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_512:#originalTopic=should-loaded-and-concealed-guns-be-allowed-in-national-parks
guns/post_513:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_513:#originalTopic=should-loaded-and-concealed-guns-be-allowed-in-national-parks
guns/post_514:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_514:#originalTopic=should-loaded-and-concealed-guns-be-allowed-in-national-parks
guns/post_515:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_515:#originalTopic=should-loaded-and-concealed-guns-be-allowed-in-national-parks
guns/post_516:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_516:#originalTopic=should-loaded-and-concealed-guns-be-allowed-in-national-parks
guns/post_517:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_517:#originalTopic=should-loaded-and-concealed-guns-be-allowed-in-national-parks
guns/post_518:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_518:#originalTopic=should-loaded-and-concealed-guns-be-allowed-in-national-parks
guns/post_519:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_519:#originalTopic=should-loaded-and-concealed-guns-be-allowed-in-national-parks
guns/post_52:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_52:#originalTopic=Debate:_DC_handgun_ban
guns/post_520:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_520:#originalTopic=should-loaded-and-concealed-guns-be-allowed-in-national-parks
guns/post_521:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_521:#originalTopic=should-loaded-and-concealed-guns-be-allowed-in-national-parks
guns/post_522:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_522:#originalTopic=should-loaded-and-concealed-guns-be-allowed-in-national-parks
guns/post_523:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_523:#originalTopic=should-loaded-and-concealed-guns-be-allowed-in-national-parks
guns/post_524:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_524:#originalTopic=should-loaded-and-concealed-guns-be-allowed-in-national-parks
guns/post_525:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_525:#originalTopic=should-loaded-and-concealed-guns-be-allowed-in-national-parks
guns/post_526:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_526:#originalTopic=should-loaded-and-concealed-guns-be-allowed-in-national-parks
guns/post_527:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_527:#originalTopic=should-loaded-and-concealed-guns-be-allowed-in-national-parks
guns/post_528:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_528:#originalTopic=should-loaded-and-concealed-guns-be-allowed-in-national-parks
guns/post_529:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_529:#originalTopic=should-loaded-and-concealed-guns-be-allowed-in-national-parks
guns/post_53:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_53:#originalTopic=Debate:_DC_handgun_ban
guns/post_530:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_530:#originalTopic=should-the-dc-handgun-ban-have-been-overturned
guns/post_531:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_531:#originalTopic=should-the-dc-handgun-ban-have-been-overturned
guns/post_532:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_532:#originalTopic=should-the-dc-handgun-ban-have-been-overturned
guns/post_533:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_533:#originalTopic=should-the-dc-handgun-ban-have-been-overturned
guns/post_534:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_534:#originalTopic=should-the-dc-handgun-ban-have-been-overturned
guns/post_535:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_535:#originalTopic=should-the-dc-handgun-ban-have-been-overturned
guns/post_536:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_536:#originalTopic=should-the-dc-handgun-ban-have-been-overturned
guns/post_537:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_537:#originalTopic=should-the-dc-handgun-ban-have-been-overturned
guns/post_538:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_538:#originalTopic=should-the-dc-handgun-ban-have-been-overturned
guns/post_539:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_539:#originalTopic=should-the-dc-handgun-ban-have-been-overturned
guns/post_54:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_54:#originalTopic=Debate:_DC_handgun_ban
guns/post_540:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_540:#originalTopic=should-the-dc-handgun-ban-have-been-overturned
guns/post_541:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_541:#originalTopic=should-the-dc-handgun-ban-have-been-overturned
guns/post_542:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_542:#originalTopic=should-the-dc-handgun-ban-have-been-overturned
guns/post_543:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_543:#originalTopic=should-the-dc-handgun-ban-have-been-overturned
guns/post_544:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_544:#originalTopic=should-the-dc-handgun-ban-have-been-overturned
guns/post_545:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_545:#originalTopic=should-the-dc-handgun-ban-have-been-overturned
guns/post_546:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_546:#originalTopic=should-the-dc-handgun-ban-have-been-overturned
guns/post_547:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_547:#originalTopic=should-the-dc-handgun-ban-have-been-overturned
guns/post_548:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_548:#originalTopic=should-the-dc-handgun-ban-have-been-overturned
guns/post_549:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_549:#originalTopic=should-the-dc-handgun-ban-have-been-overturned
guns/post_55:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_55:#originalTopic=Debate:_DC_handgun_ban
guns/post_550:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_550:#originalTopic=should-the-dc-handgun-ban-have-been-overturned
guns/post_551:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_551:#originalTopic=should-the-dc-handgun-ban-have-been-overturned
guns/post_552:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_552:#originalTopic=should-the-dc-handgun-ban-have-been-overturned
guns/post_553:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_553:#originalTopic=should-the-dc-handgun-ban-have-been-overturned
guns/post_554:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_554:#originalTopic=should-the-dc-handgun-ban-have-been-overturned
guns/post_555:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_555:#originalTopic=should-the-dc-handgun-ban-have-been-overturned
guns/post_556:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_556:#originalTopic=should-the-dc-handgun-ban-have-been-overturned
guns/post_557:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_557:#originalTopic=should-the-dc-handgun-ban-have-been-overturned
guns/post_558:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_558:#originalTopic=should-the-dc-handgun-ban-have-been-overturned
guns/post_559:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_559:#originalTopic=should-the-dc-handgun-ban-have-been-overturned
guns/post_56:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_56:#originalTopic=Debate:_DC_handgun_ban
guns/post_560:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_560:#originalTopic=should-the-dc-handgun-ban-have-been-overturned
guns/post_561:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_561:#originalTopic=should-the-dc-handgun-ban-have-been-overturned
guns/post_562:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_562:#originalTopic=should-the-dc-handgun-ban-have-been-overturned
guns/post_563:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_563:#originalTopic=should-the-dc-handgun-ban-have-been-overturned
guns/post_564:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_564:#originalTopic=should-the-dc-handgun-ban-have-been-overturned
guns/post_565:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_565:#originalTopic=should-the-dc-handgun-ban-have-been-overturned
guns/post_566:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_566:#originalTopic=should-the-dc-handgun-ban-have-been-overturned
guns/post_567:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_567:#originalTopic=should-the-dc-handgun-ban-have-been-overturned
guns/post_568:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_568:#originalTopic=should-the-dc-handgun-ban-have-been-overturned
guns/post_569:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_569:#originalTopic=should-the-dc-handgun-ban-have-been-overturned
guns/post_57:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_57:#originalTopic=Debate:_DC_handgun_ban
guns/post_570:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_570:#originalTopic=should-the-dc-handgun-ban-have-been-overturned
guns/post_571:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_571:#originalTopic=should-the-dc-handgun-ban-have-been-overturned
guns/post_572:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_572:#originalTopic=should-the-dc-handgun-ban-have-been-overturned
guns/post_573:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_573:#originalTopic=should-the-dc-handgun-ban-have-been-overturned
guns/post_574:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_574:#originalTopic=should-the-dc-handgun-ban-have-been-overturned
guns/post_575:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_575:#originalTopic=should-the-dc-handgun-ban-have-been-overturned
guns/post_576:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_576:#originalTopic=should-the-dc-handgun-ban-have-been-overturned
guns/post_577:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_577:#originalTopic=should-the-dc-handgun-ban-have-been-overturned
guns/post_578:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_578:#originalTopic=should-the-dc-handgun-ban-have-been-overturned
guns/post_579:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_579:#originalTopic=should-the-dc-handgun-ban-have-been-overturned
guns/post_58:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_58:#originalTopic=Debate:_DC_handgun_ban
guns/post_580:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_580:#originalTopic=should-the-dc-handgun-ban-have-been-overturned
guns/post_581:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_581:#originalTopic=should-the-dc-handgun-ban-have-been-overturned
guns/post_582:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_582:#originalTopic=should-the-dc-handgun-ban-have-been-overturned
guns/post_583:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_583:#originalTopic=should-the-dc-handgun-ban-have-been-overturned
guns/post_584:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_584:#originalTopic=should-the-dc-handgun-ban-have-been-overturned
guns/post_585:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_585:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_586:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_586:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_587:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_587:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_588:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_588:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_589:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_589:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_59:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_59:#originalTopic=Debate:_DC_handgun_ban
guns/post_590:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_590:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_591:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_591:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_592:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_592:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_593:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_593:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_594:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_594:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_595:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_595:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_596:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_596:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_597:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_597:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_598:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_598:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_599:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_599:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_6:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_6:#originalTopic=Debate:_Armed_pilots_in_airplanes
guns/post_60:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_60:#originalTopic=Debate:_DC_handgun_ban
guns/post_600:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_600:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_601:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_601:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_602:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_602:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_603:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_603:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_604:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_604:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_605:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_605:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_606:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_606:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_607:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_607:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_608:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_608:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_609:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_609:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_61:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_61:#originalTopic=Debate:_DC_handgun_ban
guns/post_610:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_610:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_611:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_611:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_612:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_612:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_613:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_613:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_614:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_614:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_615:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_615:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_616:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_616:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_617:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_617:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_618:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_618:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_619:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_619:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_62:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_62:#originalTopic=Debate:_DC_handgun_ban
guns/post_620:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_620:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_621:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_621:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_622:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_622:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_623:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_623:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_624:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_624:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_625:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_625:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_626:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_626:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_627:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_627:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_628:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_628:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_629:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_629:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_63:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_63:#originalTopic=Debate:_DC_handgun_ban
guns/post_630:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_630:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_631:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_631:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_632:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_632:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_633:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_633:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_634:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_634:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_635:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_635:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_636:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_636:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_637:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_637:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_638:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_638:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_639:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_639:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_64:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_64:#originalTopic=Debate:_DC_handgun_ban
guns/post_640:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_640:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_641:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_641:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_642:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_642:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_643:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_643:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_644:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_644:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_645:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_645:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_646:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_646:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_647:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_647:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_648:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_648:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_649:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_649:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_65:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_65:#originalTopic=Debate:_DC_handgun_ban
guns/post_650:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_650:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_651:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_651:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_652:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_652:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_653:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_653:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_654:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_654:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_655:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_655:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_656:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_656:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_657:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_657:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_658:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_658:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_659:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_659:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_66:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_66:#originalTopic=Debate:_DC_handgun_ban
guns/post_660:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_660:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_661:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_661:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_662:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_662:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_663:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_663:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_664:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_664:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_665:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_665:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_666:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_666:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_667:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_667:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_668:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_668:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_669:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_669:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_67:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_67:#originalTopic=Debate:_DC_handgun_ban
guns/post_670:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_670:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_671:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_671:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_672:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_672:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_673:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_673:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_674:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_674:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_675:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_675:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_676:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_676:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_677:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_677:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_678:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_678:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_679:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_679:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_68:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_68:#originalTopic=Debate:_DC_handgun_ban
guns/post_680:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_680:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_681:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_681:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_682:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_682:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_683:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_683:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_684:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_684:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_685:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_685:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_686:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_686:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_687:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_687:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_688:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_688:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_689:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_689:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_69:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_69:#originalTopic=Debate:_DC_handgun_ban
guns/post_690:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_690:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_691:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_691:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_692:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_692:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_693:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_693:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_694:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_694:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_695:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_695:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_696:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_696:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_697:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_697:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_698:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_698:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_699:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_699:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_7:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_7:#originalTopic=Debate:_Assault_weapons_ban_in_the_United_States
guns/post_70:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_70:#originalTopic=Debate:_DC_handgun_ban
guns/post_700:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_700:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_701:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_701:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_702:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_702:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_703:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_703:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_704:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_704:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_705:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_705:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_706:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_706:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_707:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_707:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_708:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_708:#originalTopic=what-do-guns-mean-to-americans
guns/post_709:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_709:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_71:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_71:#originalTopic=Debate:_DC_handgun_ban
guns/post_710:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_710:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_711:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_711:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_712:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_712:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_713:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_713:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_714:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_714:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_715:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_715:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_716:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_716:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_717:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_717:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_718:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_718:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_719:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_719:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_72:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_72:#originalTopic=Debate:_DC_handgun_ban
guns/post_720:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_720:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_721:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_721:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_722:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_722:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_723:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_723:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_724:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_724:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_725:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_725:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_726:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_726:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_727:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_727:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_728:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_728:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_729:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_729:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_73:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_73:#originalTopic=Debate:_DC_handgun_ban
guns/post_730:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_730:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_731:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_731:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_732:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_732:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_733:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_733:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_734:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_734:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_735:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_735:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_736:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_736:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_737:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_737:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_738:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_738:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_739:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_739:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_74:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_74:#originalTopic=Debate:_DC_handgun_ban
guns/post_740:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_740:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_741:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_741:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_742:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_742:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_743:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_743:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_744:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_744:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_745:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_745:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_746:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_746:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_747:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_747:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_748:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_748:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_749:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_749:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_75:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_75:#originalTopic=Debate:_DC_handgun_ban
guns/post_750:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_750:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_751:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_751:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_752:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_752:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_753:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_753:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_754:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_754:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_755:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_755:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_756:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_756:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_757:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_757:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_758:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_758:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_759:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_759:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_76:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_76:#originalTopic=Debate:_DC_handgun_ban
guns/post_760:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_760:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_761:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_761:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_762:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_762:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_763:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_763:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_764:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_764:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_765:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_765:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_766:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_766:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_767:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_767:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_768:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_768:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_769:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_769:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_77:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_77:#originalTopic=Debate:_DC_handgun_ban
guns/post_770:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_770:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_771:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_771:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_772:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_772:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_773:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_773:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_774:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_774:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_775:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_775:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_776:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_776:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_777:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_777:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_778:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_778:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_779:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_779:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_78:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_78:#originalTopic=Debate:_DC_handgun_ban
guns/post_780:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_780:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_781:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_781:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_782:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_782:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_783:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_783:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_784:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_784:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_785:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_785:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_786:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_786:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_787:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_787:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_788:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_788:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_789:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_789:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_79:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_79:#originalTopic=Debate:_DC_handgun_ban
guns/post_790:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_790:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_791:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_791:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_792:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_792:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_793:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_793:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_794:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_794:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_795:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_795:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_796:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_796:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_797:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_797:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_798:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_798:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_799:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_799:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_8:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_8:#originalTopic=Debate:_Assault_weapons_ban_in_the_United_States
guns/post_80:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_80:#originalTopic=Debate:_DC_handgun_ban
guns/post_800:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_800:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_801:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_801:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_802:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_802:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_803:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_803:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_804:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_804:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_805:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_805:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_806:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_806:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_807:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_807:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_808:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_808:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_809:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_809:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_81:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_81:#originalTopic=Debate:_DC_handgun_ban
guns/post_810:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_810:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_811:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_811:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_812:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_812:#originalTopic=would-allowing-students-to-carry-weapons-make-college-campuses-safer
guns/post_813:#originalStanceText=For	guns/post_813:#originalTopic=Gun_Rights
guns/post_814:#originalStanceText=Against	guns/post_814:#originalTopic=Gun_Rights
guns/post_815:#originalStanceText=For	guns/post_815:#originalTopic=Gun_Rights
guns/post_816:#originalStanceText=For	guns/post_816:#originalTopic=Gun_Rights
guns/post_817:#originalStanceText=Against	guns/post_817:#originalTopic=Gun_Rights
guns/post_818:#originalStanceText=For	guns/post_818:#originalTopic=Gun_Rights
guns/post_819:#originalStanceText=For	guns/post_819:#originalTopic=Gun_Rights
guns/post_82:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_82:#originalTopic=Debate:_DC_handgun_ban
guns/post_820:#originalStanceText=Against	guns/post_820:#originalTopic=Gun_Rights
guns/post_821:#originalStanceText=For	guns/post_821:#originalTopic=Gun_Rights
guns/post_822:#originalStanceText=Against	guns/post_822:#originalTopic=Gun_Rights
guns/post_823:#originalStanceText=For	guns/post_823:#originalTopic=Gun_Rights
guns/post_824:#originalStanceText=Against	guns/post_824:#originalTopic=Gun_Rights
guns/post_825:#originalStanceText=For	guns/post_825:#originalTopic=Gun_Rights
guns/post_826:#originalStanceText=Against	guns/post_826:#originalTopic=Gun_Rights
guns/post_827:#originalStanceText=For	guns/post_827:#originalTopic=Gun_Rights
guns/post_828:#originalStanceText=Against	guns/post_828:#originalTopic=Gun_Rights
guns/post_829:#originalStanceText=For	guns/post_829:#originalTopic=Gun_Rights
guns/post_83:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_83:#originalTopic=Debate:_DC_handgun_ban
guns/post_830:#originalStanceText=Against	guns/post_830:#originalTopic=Gun_Rights
guns/post_831:#originalStanceText=For	guns/post_831:#originalTopic=Gun_Rights
guns/post_832:#originalStanceText=Against	guns/post_832:#originalTopic=Gun_Rights
guns/post_833:#originalStanceText=For	guns/post_833:#originalTopic=Gun_Rights
guns/post_834:#originalStanceText=Against	guns/post_834:#originalTopic=Gun_Rights
guns/post_835:#originalStanceText=For	guns/post_835:#originalTopic=Gun_Rights
guns/post_836:#originalStanceText=Against	guns/post_836:#originalTopic=Gun_Rights
guns/post_837:#originalStanceText=For	guns/post_837:#originalTopic=Gun_Rights
guns/post_838:#originalStanceText=Against	guns/post_838:#originalTopic=Gun_Rights
guns/post_839:#originalStanceText=For	guns/post_839:#originalTopic=Gun_Rights
guns/post_84:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_84:#originalTopic=Debate:_DC_handgun_ban
guns/post_840:#originalStanceText=For	guns/post_840:#originalTopic=Gun_Rights
guns/post_841:#originalStanceText=Against	guns/post_841:#originalTopic=Gun_Rights
guns/post_842:#originalStanceText=Against	guns/post_842:#originalTopic=Gun_Rights
guns/post_843:#originalStanceText=For	guns/post_843:#originalTopic=Gun_Rights
guns/post_844:#originalStanceText=For	guns/post_844:#originalTopic=Gun_Rights
guns/post_845:#originalStanceText=Against	guns/post_845:#originalTopic=Gun_Rights
guns/post_846:#originalStanceText=Against	guns/post_846:#originalTopic=Gun_Rights
guns/post_847:#originalStanceText=Against	guns/post_847:#originalTopic=Gun_Rights
guns/post_848:#originalStanceText=Against	guns/post_848:#originalTopic=Gun_Rights
guns/post_849:#originalStanceText=For	guns/post_849:#originalTopic=Gun_Rights
guns/post_85:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_85:#originalTopic=Debate:_DC_handgun_ban
guns/post_850:#originalStanceText=Against	guns/post_850:#originalTopic=Gun_Rights
guns/post_851:#originalStanceText=For	guns/post_851:#originalTopic=Gun_Rights
guns/post_852:#originalStanceText=For	guns/post_852:#originalTopic=Gun_Rights
guns/post_853:#originalStanceText=Against	guns/post_853:#originalTopic=Gun_Rights
guns/post_854:#originalStanceText=Against	guns/post_854:#originalTopic=Gun_Rights
guns/post_855:#originalStanceText=Against	guns/post_855:#originalTopic=Gun_Rights
guns/post_856:#originalStanceText=For	guns/post_856:#originalTopic=Gun_Rights
guns/post_857:#originalStanceText=Against	guns/post_857:#originalTopic=Gun_Rights
guns/post_858:#originalStanceText=For	guns/post_858:#originalTopic=Gun_Rights
guns/post_859:#originalStanceText=Against	guns/post_859:#originalTopic=Gun_Rights
guns/post_86:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_86:#originalTopic=Debate:_DC_handgun_ban
guns/post_860:#originalStanceText=Against	guns/post_860:#originalTopic=Gun_Rights
guns/post_861:#originalStanceText=For	guns/post_861:#originalTopic=Gun_Rights
guns/post_862:#originalStanceText=For	guns/post_862:#originalTopic=Gun_Rights
guns/post_863:#originalStanceText=Against	guns/post_863:#originalTopic=Gun_Rights
guns/post_864:#originalStanceText=Against	guns/post_864:#originalTopic=Gun_Rights
guns/post_865:#originalStanceText=Against	guns/post_865:#originalTopic=Gun_Rights
guns/post_866:#originalStanceText=Against	guns/post_866:#originalTopic=Gun_Rights
guns/post_867:#originalStanceText=Against	guns/post_867:#originalTopic=Gun_Rights
guns/post_868:#originalStanceText=yes	guns/post_868:#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
guns/post_869:#originalStanceText=No, guns don't kill people.	guns/post_869:#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
guns/post_87:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_87:#originalTopic=Debate:_DC_handgun_ban
guns/post_870:#originalStanceText=No, guns don't kill people.	guns/post_870:#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
guns/post_871:#originalStanceText=No, guns don't kill people.	guns/post_871:#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
guns/post_872:#originalStanceText=No, guns don't kill people.	guns/post_872:#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
guns/post_873:#originalStanceText=No, guns don't kill people.	guns/post_873:#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
guns/post_874:#originalStanceText=No, guns don't kill people.	guns/post_874:#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
guns/post_875:#originalStanceText=yes	guns/post_875:#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
guns/post_876:#originalStanceText=No, guns don't kill people.	guns/post_876:#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
guns/post_877:#originalStanceText=yes	guns/post_877:#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
guns/post_878:#originalStanceText=No, guns don't kill people.	guns/post_878:#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
guns/post_879:#originalStanceText=yes	guns/post_879:#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
guns/post_88:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_88:#originalTopic=Debate:_DC_handgun_ban
guns/post_880:#originalStanceText=No, guns don't kill people.	guns/post_880:#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
guns/post_881:#originalStanceText=No, guns don't kill people.	guns/post_881:#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
guns/post_882:#originalStanceText=No, guns don't kill people.	guns/post_882:#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
guns/post_883:#originalStanceText=No, guns don't kill people.	guns/post_883:#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
guns/post_884:#originalStanceText=No, guns don't kill people.	guns/post_884:#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
guns/post_885:#originalStanceText=No, guns don't kill people.	guns/post_885:#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
guns/post_886:#originalStanceText=No, guns don't kill people.	guns/post_886:#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
guns/post_887:#originalStanceText=No, guns don't kill people.	guns/post_887:#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
guns/post_888:#originalStanceText=yes	guns/post_888:#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
guns/post_889:#originalStanceText=No, guns don't kill people.	guns/post_889:#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
guns/post_89:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_89:#originalTopic=Debate:_DC_handgun_ban
guns/post_890:#originalStanceText=yes	guns/post_890:#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
guns/post_891:#originalStanceText=No, guns don't kill people.	guns/post_891:#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
guns/post_892:#originalStanceText=No, guns don't kill people.	guns/post_892:#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
guns/post_893:#originalStanceText=yes	guns/post_893:#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
guns/post_894:#originalStanceText=yes	guns/post_894:#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
guns/post_895:#originalStanceText=yes	guns/post_895:#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
guns/post_896:#originalStanceText=No, guns don't kill people.	guns/post_896:#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
guns/post_897:#originalStanceText=No, guns don't kill people.	guns/post_897:#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
guns/post_898:#originalStanceText=No, guns don't kill people.	guns/post_898:#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
guns/post_899:#originalStanceText=yes	guns/post_899:#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
guns/post_9:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_9:#originalTopic=Debate:_Assault_weapons_ban_in_the_United_States
guns/post_90:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_90:#originalTopic=Debate:_DC_handgun_ban
guns/post_900:#originalStanceText=yes	guns/post_900:#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
guns/post_901:#originalStanceText=No, guns don't kill people.	guns/post_901:#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
guns/post_902:#originalStanceText=No, guns don't kill people.	guns/post_902:#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
guns/post_903:#originalStanceText=yes	guns/post_903:#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
guns/post_904:#originalStanceText=yes	guns/post_904:#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
guns/post_905:#originalStanceText=yes	guns/post_905:#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
guns/post_906:#originalStanceText=No, guns don't kill people.	guns/post_906:#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
guns/post_907:#originalStanceText=yes	guns/post_907:#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
guns/post_908:#originalStanceText=yes	guns/post_908:#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
guns/post_909:#originalStanceText=yes	guns/post_909:#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
guns/post_91:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_91:#originalTopic=Debate:_DC_handgun_ban
guns/post_910:#originalStanceText=yes	guns/post_910:#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
guns/post_911:#originalStanceText=No, guns don't kill people.	guns/post_911:#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
guns/post_912:#originalStanceText=No, guns don't kill people.	guns/post_912:#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
guns/post_913:#originalStanceText=No, guns don't kill people.	guns/post_913:#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
guns/post_914:#originalStanceText=yes	guns/post_914:#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
guns/post_915:#originalStanceText=No, guns don't kill people.	guns/post_915:#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
guns/post_916:#originalStanceText=No, guns don't kill people.	guns/post_916:#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
guns/post_917:#originalStanceText=yes	guns/post_917:#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
guns/post_918:#originalStanceText=No, guns don't kill people.	guns/post_918:#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
guns/post_919:#originalStanceText=No, guns don't kill people.	guns/post_919:#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
guns/post_92:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_92:#originalTopic=Debate:_DC_handgun_ban
guns/post_920:#originalStanceText=No, guns don't kill people.	guns/post_920:#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
guns/post_921:#originalStanceText=No, guns don't kill people.	guns/post_921:#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
guns/post_922:#originalStanceText=No, guns don't kill people.	guns/post_922:#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
guns/post_923:#originalStanceText=No, guns don't kill people.	guns/post_923:#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
guns/post_924:#originalStanceText=No, guns don't kill people.	guns/post_924:#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
guns/post_925:#originalStanceText=No, guns don't kill people.	guns/post_925:#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
guns/post_926:#originalStanceText=No, guns don't kill people.	guns/post_926:#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
guns/post_927:#originalStanceText=No, guns don't kill people.	guns/post_927:#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
guns/post_928:#originalStanceText=No, guns don't kill people.	guns/post_928:#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
guns/post_929:#originalStanceText=No, guns don't kill people.	guns/post_929:#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
guns/post_93:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_93:#originalTopic=Debate:_DC_handgun_ban
guns/post_930:#originalStanceText=No, guns don't kill people.	guns/post_930:#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
guns/post_931:#originalStanceText=No, guns don't kill people.	guns/post_931:#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
guns/post_932:#originalStanceText=No, guns don't kill people.	guns/post_932:#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
guns/post_933:#originalStanceText=No, guns don't kill people.	guns/post_933:#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
guns/post_934:#originalStanceText=No, guns don't kill people.	guns/post_934:#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
guns/post_935:#originalStanceText=No, guns don't kill people.	guns/post_935:#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
guns/post_936:#originalStanceText=No, guns don't kill people.	guns/post_936:#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
guns/post_937:#originalStanceText=No, guns don't kill people.	guns/post_937:#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
guns/post_938:#originalStanceText=No, guns don't kill people.	guns/post_938:#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
guns/post_939:#originalStanceText=No, guns don't kill people.	guns/post_939:#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
guns/post_94:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_94:#originalTopic=Debate:_DC_handgun_ban
guns/post_940:#originalStanceText=No, guns don't kill people.	guns/post_940:#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
guns/post_941:#originalStanceText=No, guns don't kill people.	guns/post_941:#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
guns/post_942:#originalStanceText=No, guns don't kill people.	guns/post_942:#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
guns/post_943:#originalStanceText=No, guns don't kill people.	guns/post_943:#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
guns/post_944:#originalStanceText=No, guns don't kill people.	guns/post_944:#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
guns/post_945:#originalStanceText=No, guns don't kill people.	guns/post_945:#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
guns/post_946:#originalStanceText=No, guns don't kill people.	guns/post_946:#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
guns/post_947:#originalStanceText=No, guns don't kill people.	guns/post_947:#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
guns/post_948:#originalStanceText=No, guns don't kill people.	guns/post_948:#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
guns/post_949:#originalStanceText=No, guns don't kill people.	guns/post_949:#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
guns/post_95:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_95:#originalTopic=Debate:_DC_handgun_ban
guns/post_950:#originalStanceText=No, guns don't kill people.	guns/post_950:#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
guns/post_951:#originalStanceText=yes	guns/post_951:#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
guns/post_952:#originalStanceText=No, guns don't kill people.	guns/post_952:#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
guns/post_953:#originalStanceText=yes	guns/post_953:#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
guns/post_954:#originalStanceText=No, guns don't kill people.	guns/post_954:#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
guns/post_955:#originalStanceText=No, guns don't kill people.	guns/post_955:#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
guns/post_956:#originalStanceText=No, guns don't kill people.	guns/post_956:#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
guns/post_957:#originalStanceText=No, guns don't kill people.	guns/post_957:#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
guns/post_958:#originalStanceText=No, guns don't kill people.	guns/post_958:#originalTopic=Should_guns_be_banned_in_America
guns/post_959:#originalStanceText=for	guns/post_959:#originalTopic=Gun_Control_For_Or_Against
guns/post_96:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_96:#originalTopic=Debate:_DC_handgun_ban
guns/post_960:#originalStanceText=for	guns/post_960:#originalTopic=Gun_Control_For_Or_Against
guns/post_961:#originalStanceText=for	guns/post_961:#originalTopic=Gun_Control_For_Or_Against
guns/post_962:#originalStanceText=for	guns/post_962:#originalTopic=Gun_Control_For_Or_Against
guns/post_963:#originalStanceText=for	guns/post_963:#originalTopic=Gun_Control_For_Or_Against
guns/post_964:#originalStanceText=for	guns/post_964:#originalTopic=Gun_Control_For_Or_Against
guns/post_965:#originalStanceText=for	guns/post_965:#originalTopic=Gun_Control_For_Or_Against
guns/post_966:#originalStanceText=against	guns/post_966:#originalTopic=Gun_Control_For_Or_Against
guns/post_967:#originalStanceText=against	guns/post_967:#originalTopic=Gun_Control_For_Or_Against
guns/post_968:#originalStanceText=against	guns/post_968:#originalTopic=Gun_Control_For_Or_Against
guns/post_969:#originalStanceText=against	guns/post_969:#originalTopic=Gun_Control_For_Or_Against
guns/post_97:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_97:#originalTopic=Debate:_DC_handgun_ban
guns/post_970:#originalStanceText=against	guns/post_970:#originalTopic=Gun_Control_For_Or_Against
guns/post_971:#originalStanceText=against	guns/post_971:#originalTopic=Gun_Control_For_Or_Against
guns/post_972:#originalStanceText=against	guns/post_972:#originalTopic=Gun_Control_For_Or_Against
guns/post_973:#originalStanceText=against	guns/post_973:#originalTopic=Gun_Control_For_Or_Against
guns/post_974:#originalStanceText=for	guns/post_974:#originalTopic=Gun_Control_Should_Be_Made_Stricter_In_America
guns/post_975:#originalStanceText=for	guns/post_975:#originalTopic=Gun_Control_Should_Be_Made_Stricter_In_America
guns/post_976:#originalStanceText=for	guns/post_976:#originalTopic=Gun_Control_Should_Be_Made_Stricter_In_America
guns/post_977:#originalStanceText=for	guns/post_977:#originalTopic=Gun_Control_Should_Be_Made_Stricter_In_America
guns/post_978:#originalStanceText=for	guns/post_978:#originalTopic=Gun_Control_Should_Be_Made_Stricter_In_America
guns/post_979:#originalStanceText=for	guns/post_979:#originalTopic=Gun_Control_Should_Be_Made_Stricter_In_America
guns/post_98:#originalStanceText=No	guns/post_98:#originalTopic=Debate:_DC_handgun_ban
guns/post_980:#originalStanceText=for	guns/post_980:#originalTopic=Gun_Control_Should_Be_Made_Stricter_In_America
guns/post_981:#originalStanceText=for	guns/post_981:#originalTopic=Gun_Control_Should_Be_Made_Stricter_In_America
guns/post_982:#originalStanceText=against	guns/post_982:#originalTopic=Gun_Control_Should_Be_Made_Stricter_In_America
guns/post_983:#originalStanceText=against	guns/post_983:#originalTopic=Gun_Control_Should_Be_Made_Stricter_In_America
guns/post_984:#originalStanceText=against	guns/post_984:#originalTopic=Gun_Control_Should_Be_Made_Stricter_In_America
guns/post_985:#originalStanceText=against	guns/post_985:#originalTopic=Gun_Control_Should_Be_Made_Stricter_In_America
guns/post_986:#originalStanceText=against	guns/post_986:#originalTopic=Gun_Control_Should_Be_Made_Stricter_In_America
guns/post_987:#originalStanceText=against	guns/post_987:#originalTopic=Gun_Control_Should_Be_Made_Stricter_In_America
guns/post_988:#originalStanceText=against	guns/post_988:#originalTopic=Gun_Control_Should_Be_Made_Stricter_In_America
guns/post_989:#originalStanceText=for	guns/post_989:#originalTopic=Gun_Ownership_Should_Be_Strictly_Controlled
guns/post_99:#originalStanceText=Yes	guns/post_99:#originalTopic=Debate:_DC_handgun_ban
guns/post_990:#originalStanceText=for	guns/post_990:#originalTopic=Gun_Ownership_Should_Be_Strictly_Controlled
guns/post_991:#originalStanceText=for	guns/post_991:#originalTopic=Gun_Ownership_Should_Be_Strictly_Controlled
guns/post_992:#originalStanceText=for	guns/post_992:#originalTopic=Gun_Ownership_Should_Be_Strictly_Controlled
guns/post_993:#originalStanceText=for	guns/post_993:#originalTopic=Gun_Ownership_Should_Be_Strictly_Controlled
guns/post_994:#originalStanceText=against	guns/post_994:#originalTopic=Gun_Ownership_Should_Be_Strictly_Controlled
guns/post_995:#originalStanceText=against	guns/post_995:#originalTopic=Gun_Ownership_Should_Be_Strictly_Controlled
guns/post_996:#originalStanceText=against	guns/post_996:#originalTopic=Gun_Ownership_Should_Be_Strictly_Controlled
guns/post_997:#originalStanceText=against	guns/post_997:#originalTopic=Gun_Ownership_Should_Be_Strictly_Controlled
guns/post_998:#originalStanceText=against	guns/post_998:#originalTopic=Gun_Ownership_Should_Be_Strictly_Controlled
guns/post_999:#originalStanceText=against	guns/post_999:#originalTopic=Gun_Ownership_Should_Be_Strictly_Controlled
healthcare/post_0:#originalStanceText=Pro	healthcare/post_0:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_1:#originalStanceText=Pro	healthcare/post_1:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_10:#originalStanceText=Pro	healthcare/post_10:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_100:#originalStanceText=Pro	healthcare/post_100:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_101:#originalStanceText=Con	healthcare/post_101:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_102:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_102:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_103:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_103:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_104:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_104:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_105:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_105:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_106:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_106:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_107:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_107:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_108:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_108:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_109:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_109:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_11:#originalStanceText=Pro	healthcare/post_11:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_110:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_110:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_111:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_111:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_112:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_112:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_113:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_113:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_114:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_114:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_115:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_115:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_116:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_116:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_117:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_117:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_118:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_118:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_119:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_119:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_12:#originalStanceText=Pro	healthcare/post_12:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_120:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_120:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_121:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_121:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_122:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_122:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_123:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_123:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_124:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_124:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_125:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_125:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_126:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_126:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_127:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_127:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_128:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_128:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_129:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_129:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_13:#originalStanceText=Pro	healthcare/post_13:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_130:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_130:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_131:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_131:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_132:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_132:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_133:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_133:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_134:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_134:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_135:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_135:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_136:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_136:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_137:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_137:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_138:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_138:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_139:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_139:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_14:#originalStanceText=Pro	healthcare/post_14:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_140:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_140:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_141:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_141:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_142:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_142:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_143:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_143:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_144:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_144:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_145:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_145:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_146:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_146:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_147:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_147:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_148:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_148:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_149:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_149:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_15:#originalStanceText=Pro	healthcare/post_15:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_150:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_150:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_151:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_151:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_152:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_152:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_153:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_153:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_154:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_154:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_155:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_155:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_156:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_156:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_157:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_157:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_158:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_158:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_159:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_159:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_16:#originalStanceText=Pro	healthcare/post_16:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_160:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_160:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_161:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_161:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_162:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_162:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_163:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_163:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_164:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_164:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_165:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_165:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_166:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_166:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_167:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_167:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_168:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_168:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_169:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_169:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_17:#originalStanceText=Con	healthcare/post_17:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_170:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_170:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_171:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_171:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_172:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_172:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_173:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_173:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_174:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_174:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_175:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_175:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_176:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_176:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_177:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_177:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_178:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_178:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_179:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_179:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_18:#originalStanceText=Con	healthcare/post_18:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_180:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_180:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_181:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_181:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_182:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_182:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_183:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_183:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_184:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_184:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_185:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_185:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_186:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_186:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_187:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_187:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_188:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_188:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_189:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_189:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_19:#originalStanceText=Con	healthcare/post_19:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_190:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_190:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_191:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_191:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_192:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_192:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_193:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_193:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_194:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_194:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_195:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_195:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_196:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_196:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_197:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_197:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_198:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_198:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_199:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_199:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_2:#originalStanceText=Pro	healthcare/post_2:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_20:#originalStanceText=Con	healthcare/post_20:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_200:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_200:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_201:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_201:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_202:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_202:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_203:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_203:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_204:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_204:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_205:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_205:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_206:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_206:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_207:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_207:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_208:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_208:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_209:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_209:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_21:#originalStanceText=Con	healthcare/post_21:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_210:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_210:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_211:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_211:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_212:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_212:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_213:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_213:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_214:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_214:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_215:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_215:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_216:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_216:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_217:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_217:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_218:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_218:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_219:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_219:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_22:#originalStanceText=Con	healthcare/post_22:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_220:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_220:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_221:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_221:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_222:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_222:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_223:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_223:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_224:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_224:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_225:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_225:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_226:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_226:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_227:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_227:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_228:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_228:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_229:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_229:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_23:#originalStanceText=Pro	healthcare/post_23:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_230:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_230:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_231:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_231:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_232:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_232:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_233:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_233:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_234:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_234:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_235:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_235:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_236:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_236:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_237:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_237:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_238:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_238:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_239:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_239:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_24:#originalStanceText=Pro	healthcare/post_24:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_240:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_240:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_241:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_241:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_242:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_242:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_243:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_243:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_244:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_244:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_245:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_245:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_246:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_246:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_247:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_247:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_248:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_248:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_249:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_249:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_25:#originalStanceText=Pro	healthcare/post_25:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_250:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_250:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_251:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_251:#originalTopic=Debate:_Single-payer_universal_health_care
healthcare/post_252:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_252:#originalTopic=should-the-us-adopt-a-single-payer-health-care-program
healthcare/post_253:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_253:#originalTopic=should-the-us-adopt-a-single-payer-health-care-program
healthcare/post_254:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_254:#originalTopic=should-the-us-adopt-a-single-payer-health-care-program
healthcare/post_255:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_255:#originalTopic=should-the-us-adopt-a-single-payer-health-care-program
healthcare/post_256:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_256:#originalTopic=should-the-us-adopt-a-single-payer-health-care-program
healthcare/post_257:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_257:#originalTopic=should-the-us-adopt-a-single-payer-health-care-program
healthcare/post_258:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_258:#originalTopic=should-the-us-adopt-a-single-payer-health-care-program
healthcare/post_259:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_259:#originalTopic=should-the-us-adopt-a-single-payer-health-care-program
healthcare/post_26:#originalStanceText=Con	healthcare/post_26:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_260:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_260:#originalTopic=should-the-us-adopt-a-single-payer-health-care-program
healthcare/post_261:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_261:#originalTopic=should-the-us-adopt-a-single-payer-health-care-program
healthcare/post_262:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_262:#originalTopic=should-the-us-adopt-a-single-payer-health-care-program
healthcare/post_263:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_263:#originalTopic=should-the-us-adopt-a-single-payer-health-care-program
healthcare/post_264:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_264:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_265:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_265:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_266:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_266:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_267:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_267:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_268:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_268:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_269:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_269:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_27:#originalStanceText=Con	healthcare/post_27:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_270:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_270:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_271:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_271:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_272:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_272:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_273:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_273:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_274:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_274:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_275:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_275:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_276:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_276:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_277:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_277:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_278:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_278:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_279:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_279:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_28:#originalStanceText=Con	healthcare/post_28:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_280:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_280:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_281:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_281:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_282:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_282:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_283:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_283:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_284:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_284:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_285:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_285:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_286:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_286:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_287:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_287:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_288:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_288:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_289:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_289:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_29:#originalStanceText=Pro	healthcare/post_29:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_290:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_290:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_291:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_291:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_292:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_292:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_293:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_293:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_294:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_294:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_295:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_295:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_296:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_296:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_297:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_297:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_298:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_298:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_299:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_299:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_3:#originalStanceText=Pro	healthcare/post_3:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_30:#originalStanceText=Pro	healthcare/post_30:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_300:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_300:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_301:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_301:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_302:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_302:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_303:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_303:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_304:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_304:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_305:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_305:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_306:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_306:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_307:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_307:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_308:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_308:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_309:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_309:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_31:#originalStanceText=Pro	healthcare/post_31:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_310:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_310:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_311:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_311:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_312:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_312:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_313:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_313:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_314:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_314:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_315:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_315:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_316:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_316:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_317:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_317:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_318:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_318:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_319:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_319:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_32:#originalStanceText=Pro	healthcare/post_32:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_320:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_320:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_321:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_321:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_322:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_322:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_323:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_323:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_324:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_324:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_325:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_325:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_326:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_326:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_327:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_327:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_328:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_328:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_329:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_329:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_33:#originalStanceText=Pro	healthcare/post_33:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_330:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_330:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_331:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_331:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_332:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_332:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_333:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_333:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_334:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_334:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_335:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_335:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_336:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_336:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_337:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_337:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_338:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_338:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_339:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_339:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_34:#originalStanceText=Pro	healthcare/post_34:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_340:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_340:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_341:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_341:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_342:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_342:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_343:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_343:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_344:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_344:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_345:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_345:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_346:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_346:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_347:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_347:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_348:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_348:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_349:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_349:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_35:#originalStanceText=Pro	healthcare/post_35:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_350:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_350:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_351:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_351:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_352:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_352:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_353:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_353:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_354:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_354:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_355:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_355:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_356:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_356:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_357:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_357:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_358:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_358:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_359:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_359:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_36:#originalStanceText=Pro	healthcare/post_36:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_360:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_360:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_361:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_361:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_362:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_362:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_363:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_363:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_364:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_364:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_365:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_365:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_366:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_366:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_367:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_367:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_368:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_368:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_369:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_369:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_37:#originalStanceText=Con	healthcare/post_37:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_370:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_370:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_371:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_371:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_372:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_372:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_373:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_373:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_374:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_374:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_375:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_375:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_376:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_376:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_377:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_377:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_378:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_378:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_379:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_379:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_38:#originalStanceText=Con	healthcare/post_38:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_380:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_380:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_381:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_381:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_382:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_382:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_383:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_383:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_384:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_384:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_385:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_385:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_386:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_386:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_387:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_387:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_388:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_388:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_389:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_389:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_39:#originalStanceText=Con	healthcare/post_39:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_390:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_390:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_391:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_391:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_392:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_392:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_393:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_393:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_394:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_394:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_395:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_395:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_396:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_396:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_397:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_397:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_398:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_398:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_399:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_399:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_4:#originalStanceText=Pro	healthcare/post_4:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_40:#originalStanceText=Con	healthcare/post_40:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_400:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_400:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_401:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_401:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_402:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_402:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_403:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_403:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_404:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_404:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_405:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_405:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_406:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_406:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_407:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_407:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_408:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_408:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_409:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_409:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_41:#originalStanceText=Con	healthcare/post_41:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_410:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_410:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_411:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_411:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_412:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_412:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_413:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_413:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_414:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_414:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_415:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_415:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_416:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_416:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_417:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_417:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_418:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_418:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_419:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_419:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_42:#originalStanceText=Pro	healthcare/post_42:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_420:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_420:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_421:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_421:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_422:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_422:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_423:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_423:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_424:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_424:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_425:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_425:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_426:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_426:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_427:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_427:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_428:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_428:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_429:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_429:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_43:#originalStanceText=Pro	healthcare/post_43:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_430:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_430:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_431:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_431:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_432:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_432:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_433:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_433:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_434:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_434:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_435:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_435:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_436:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_436:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_437:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_437:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_438:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_438:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_439:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_439:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_44:#originalStanceText=Pro	healthcare/post_44:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_440:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_440:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_441:#originalStanceText=Yes	healthcare/post_441:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_442:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_442:#originalTopic=should-the-us-have-universal-healthcare
healthcare/post_443:#originalStanceText=I love it!	healthcare/post_443:#originalTopic=Healthcare_Reform_Good_Bad_or_Ugly
healthcare/post_444:#originalStanceText=Bush had it right.	healthcare/post_444:#originalTopic=Healthcare_Reform_Good_Bad_or_Ugly
healthcare/post_445:#originalStanceText=Bush had it right.	healthcare/post_445:#originalTopic=Healthcare_Reform_Good_Bad_or_Ugly
healthcare/post_446:#originalStanceText=Bush had it right.	healthcare/post_446:#originalTopic=Healthcare_Reform_Good_Bad_or_Ugly
healthcare/post_447:#originalStanceText=I love it!	healthcare/post_447:#originalTopic=Healthcare_Reform_Good_Bad_or_Ugly
healthcare/post_448:#originalStanceText=Bush had it right.	healthcare/post_448:#originalTopic=Healthcare_Reform_Good_Bad_or_Ugly
healthcare/post_449:#originalStanceText=Bush had it right.	healthcare/post_449:#originalTopic=Healthcare_Reform_Good_Bad_or_Ugly
healthcare/post_45:#originalStanceText=Pro	healthcare/post_45:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_450:#originalStanceText=yes	healthcare/post_450:#originalTopic=Is_the_National_Health_Care_Reform_the_answer_to_our_medical_problems
healthcare/post_451:#originalStanceText=yes	healthcare/post_451:#originalTopic=Is_the_National_Health_Care_Reform_the_answer_to_our_medical_problems
healthcare/post_452:#originalStanceText=yes	healthcare/post_452:#originalTopic=Is_the_National_Health_Care_Reform_the_answer_to_our_medical_problems
healthcare/post_453:#originalStanceText=yes	healthcare/post_453:#originalTopic=Is_the_National_Health_Care_Reform_the_answer_to_our_medical_problems
healthcare/post_454:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_454:#originalTopic=Is_the_National_Health_Care_Reform_the_answer_to_our_medical_problems
healthcare/post_455:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_455:#originalTopic=Is_the_National_Health_Care_Reform_the_answer_to_our_medical_problems
healthcare/post_456:#originalStanceText=yes	healthcare/post_456:#originalTopic=Is_the_National_Health_Care_Reform_the_answer_to_our_medical_problems
healthcare/post_457:#originalStanceText=No	healthcare/post_457:#originalTopic=Is_the_National_Health_Care_Reform_the_answer_to_our_medical_problems
healthcare/post_458:#originalStanceText=Yes, it's a right.	healthcare/post_458:#originalTopic=Should_America_have_Universal_Healthcare
healthcare/post_459:#originalStanceText=Yes, it's a right.	healthcare/post_459:#originalTopic=Should_America_have_Universal_Healthcare
healthcare/post_46:#originalStanceText=Pro	healthcare/post_46:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_460:#originalStanceText=No, it's not feasible.	healthcare/post_460:#originalTopic=Should_America_have_Universal_Healthcare
healthcare/post_461:#originalStanceText=Yes, it's a right.	healthcare/post_461:#originalTopic=Should_America_have_Universal_Healthcare
healthcare/post_462:#originalStanceText=Yes, it's a right.	healthcare/post_462:#originalTopic=Should_America_have_Universal_Healthcare
healthcare/post_463:#originalStanceText=Yes, it's a right.	healthcare/post_463:#originalTopic=Should_America_have_Universal_Healthcare
healthcare/post_464:#originalStanceText=No, it's not feasible.	healthcare/post_464:#originalTopic=Should_America_have_Universal_Healthcare
healthcare/post_465:#originalStanceText=Yes, it's a right.	healthcare/post_465:#originalTopic=Should_America_have_Universal_Healthcare
healthcare/post_466:#originalStanceText=Oh, yes please.  Thank you.	healthcare/post_466:#originalTopic=So_you_still_want_Nationalized_Health_Care
healthcare/post_467:#originalStanceText=Oh, yes please.  Thank you.	healthcare/post_467:#originalTopic=So_you_still_want_Nationalized_Health_Care
healthcare/post_468:#originalStanceText=Hell no!	healthcare/post_468:#originalTopic=So_you_still_want_Nationalized_Health_Care
healthcare/post_469:#originalStanceText=Oh, yes please.  Thank you.	healthcare/post_469:#originalTopic=So_you_still_want_Nationalized_Health_Care
healthcare/post_47:#originalStanceText=Pro	healthcare/post_47:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_470:#originalStanceText=Hell no!	healthcare/post_470:#originalTopic=So_you_still_want_Nationalized_Health_Care
healthcare/post_471:#originalStanceText=Hell no!	healthcare/post_471:#originalTopic=So_you_still_want_Nationalized_Health_Care
healthcare/post_472:#originalStanceText=Hell no!	healthcare/post_472:#originalTopic=So_you_still_want_Nationalized_Health_Care
healthcare/post_473:#originalStanceText=Oh, yes please.  Thank you.	healthcare/post_473:#originalTopic=So_you_still_want_Nationalized_Health_Care
healthcare/post_474:#originalStanceText=Hell no!	healthcare/post_474:#originalTopic=So_you_still_want_Nationalized_Health_Care
healthcare/post_475:#originalStanceText=Oh, yes please.  Thank you.	healthcare/post_475:#originalTopic=So_you_still_want_Nationalized_Health_Care
healthcare/post_476:#originalStanceText=Hell no!	healthcare/post_476:#originalTopic=So_you_still_want_Nationalized_Health_Care
healthcare/post_477:#originalStanceText=Oh, yes please.  Thank you.	healthcare/post_477:#originalTopic=So_you_still_want_Nationalized_Health_Care
healthcare/post_478:#originalStanceText=Hell no!	healthcare/post_478:#originalTopic=So_you_still_want_Nationalized_Health_Care
healthcare/post_479:#originalStanceText=Oh, yes please.  Thank you.	healthcare/post_479:#originalTopic=So_you_still_want_Nationalized_Health_Care
healthcare/post_48:#originalStanceText=Pro	healthcare/post_48:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_480:#originalStanceText=Hell no!	healthcare/post_480:#originalTopic=So_you_still_want_Nationalized_Health_Care
healthcare/post_481:#originalStanceText=Oh, yes please.  Thank you.	healthcare/post_481:#originalTopic=So_you_still_want_Nationalized_Health_Care
healthcare/post_482:#originalStanceText=Hell no!	healthcare/post_482:#originalTopic=So_you_still_want_Nationalized_Health_Care
healthcare/post_483:#originalStanceText=Hell no!	healthcare/post_483:#originalTopic=So_you_still_want_Nationalized_Health_Care
healthcare/post_484:#originalStanceText=Oh, yes please.  Thank you.	healthcare/post_484:#originalTopic=So_you_still_want_Nationalized_Health_Care
healthcare/post_485:#originalStanceText=Oh, yes please.  Thank you.	healthcare/post_485:#originalTopic=So_you_still_want_Nationalized_Health_Care
healthcare/post_486:#originalStanceText=Hell no!	healthcare/post_486:#originalTopic=So_you_still_want_Nationalized_Health_Care
healthcare/post_487:#originalStanceText=Oh, yes please.  Thank you.	healthcare/post_487:#originalTopic=So_you_still_want_Nationalized_Health_Care
healthcare/post_488:#originalStanceText=Oh, yes please.  Thank you.	healthcare/post_488:#originalTopic=So_you_still_want_Nationalized_Health_Care
healthcare/post_489:#originalStanceText=Hell no!	healthcare/post_489:#originalTopic=So_you_still_want_Nationalized_Health_Care
healthcare/post_49:#originalStanceText=Pro	healthcare/post_49:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_490:#originalStanceText=Oh, yes please.  Thank you.	healthcare/post_490:#originalTopic=So_you_still_want_Nationalized_Health_Care
healthcare/post_491:#originalStanceText=Hell no!	healthcare/post_491:#originalTopic=So_you_still_want_Nationalized_Health_Care
healthcare/post_492:#originalStanceText=Oh, yes please.  Thank you.	healthcare/post_492:#originalTopic=So_you_still_want_Nationalized_Health_Care
healthcare/post_493:#originalStanceText=Oh, yes please.  Thank you.	healthcare/post_493:#originalTopic=So_you_still_want_Nationalized_Health_Care
healthcare/post_494:#originalStanceText=Hell no!	healthcare/post_494:#originalTopic=So_you_still_want_Nationalized_Health_Care
healthcare/post_495:#originalStanceText=Hell no!	healthcare/post_495:#originalTopic=So_you_still_want_Nationalized_Health_Care
healthcare/post_496:#originalStanceText=Oh, yes please.  Thank you.	healthcare/post_496:#originalTopic=So_you_still_want_Nationalized_Health_Care
healthcare/post_497:#originalStanceText=Hell no!	healthcare/post_497:#originalTopic=So_you_still_want_Nationalized_Health_Care
healthcare/post_498:#originalStanceText=Oh, yes please.  Thank you.	healthcare/post_498:#originalTopic=So_you_still_want_Nationalized_Health_Care
healthcare/post_499:#originalStanceText=Hell no!	healthcare/post_499:#originalTopic=So_you_still_want_Nationalized_Health_Care
healthcare/post_5:#originalStanceText=Con	healthcare/post_5:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_50:#originalStanceText=Con	healthcare/post_50:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_500:#originalStanceText=Oh, yes please.  Thank you.	healthcare/post_500:#originalTopic=So_you_still_want_Nationalized_Health_Care
healthcare/post_501:#originalStanceText=Hell no!	healthcare/post_501:#originalTopic=So_you_still_want_Nationalized_Health_Care
healthcare/post_502:#originalStanceText=Hell no!	healthcare/post_502:#originalTopic=So_you_still_want_Nationalized_Health_Care
healthcare/post_503:#originalStanceText=Oh, yes please.  Thank you.	healthcare/post_503:#originalTopic=So_you_still_want_Nationalized_Health_Care
healthcare/post_504:#originalStanceText=Hell no!	healthcare/post_504:#originalTopic=So_you_still_want_Nationalized_Health_Care
healthcare/post_505:#originalStanceText=Oh, yes please.  Thank you.	healthcare/post_505:#originalTopic=So_you_still_want_Nationalized_Health_Care
healthcare/post_506:#originalStanceText=Hell no!	healthcare/post_506:#originalTopic=So_you_still_want_Nationalized_Health_Care
healthcare/post_507:#originalStanceText=Hell no!	healthcare/post_507:#originalTopic=So_you_still_want_Nationalized_Health_Care
healthcare/post_508:#originalStanceText=Hell no!	healthcare/post_508:#originalTopic=So_you_still_want_Nationalized_Health_Care
healthcare/post_509:#originalStanceText=Oh, yes please.  Thank you.	healthcare/post_509:#originalTopic=So_you_still_want_Nationalized_Health_Care
healthcare/post_51:#originalStanceText=Con	healthcare/post_51:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_510:#originalStanceText=Hell no!	healthcare/post_510:#originalTopic=So_you_still_want_Nationalized_Health_Care
healthcare/post_511:#originalStanceText=Oh, yes please.  Thank you.	healthcare/post_511:#originalTopic=So_you_still_want_Nationalized_Health_Care
healthcare/post_512:#originalStanceText=Hell no!	healthcare/post_512:#originalTopic=So_you_still_want_Nationalized_Health_Care
healthcare/post_513:#originalStanceText=Oh, yes please.  Thank you.	healthcare/post_513:#originalTopic=So_you_still_want_Nationalized_Health_Care
healthcare/post_514:#originalStanceText=Hell no!	healthcare/post_514:#originalTopic=So_you_still_want_Nationalized_Health_Care
healthcare/post_515:#originalStanceText=Oh, yes please.  Thank you.	healthcare/post_515:#originalTopic=So_you_still_want_Nationalized_Health_Care
healthcare/post_516:#originalStanceText=Hell no!	healthcare/post_516:#originalTopic=So_you_still_want_Nationalized_Health_Care
healthcare/post_517:#originalStanceText=Oh, yes please.  Thank you.	healthcare/post_517:#originalTopic=So_you_still_want_Nationalized_Health_Care
healthcare/post_518:#originalStanceText=Hell no!	healthcare/post_518:#originalTopic=So_you_still_want_Nationalized_Health_Care
healthcare/post_519:#originalStanceText=Hell no!	healthcare/post_519:#originalTopic=So_you_still_want_Nationalized_Health_Care
healthcare/post_52:#originalStanceText=Con	healthcare/post_52:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_520:#originalStanceText=Hell no!	healthcare/post_520:#originalTopic=So_you_still_want_Nationalized_Health_Care
healthcare/post_521:#originalStanceText=Hell no!	healthcare/post_521:#originalTopic=So_you_still_want_Nationalized_Health_Care
healthcare/post_522:#originalStanceText=Hell no!	healthcare/post_522:#originalTopic=So_you_still_want_Nationalized_Health_Care
healthcare/post_523:#originalStanceText=Oh, yes please.  Thank you.	healthcare/post_523:#originalTopic=So_you_still_want_Nationalized_Health_Care
healthcare/post_524:#originalStanceText=Hell no!	healthcare/post_524:#originalTopic=So_you_still_want_Nationalized_Health_Care
healthcare/post_525:#originalStanceText=Hell no!	healthcare/post_525:#originalTopic=So_you_still_want_Nationalized_Health_Care
healthcare/post_526:#originalStanceText=universal health care	healthcare/post_526:#originalTopic=Universal_Healthcare
healthcare/post_527:#originalStanceText=universal healthcare	healthcare/post_527:#originalTopic=Universal_Healthcare
healthcare/post_528:#originalStanceText=Private Health care	healthcare/post_528:#originalTopic=Universal_Healthcare
healthcare/post_529:#originalStanceText=universal health care	healthcare/post_529:#originalTopic=Universal_Healthcare
healthcare/post_53:#originalStanceText=Con	healthcare/post_53:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_530:#originalStanceText=Private Health care	healthcare/post_530:#originalTopic=Universal_Healthcare
healthcare/post_531:#originalStanceText=Private Health care	healthcare/post_531:#originalTopic=Universal_Healthcare
healthcare/post_532:#originalStanceText=universal healthcare	healthcare/post_532:#originalTopic=Universal_Healthcare
healthcare/post_533:#originalStanceText=universal health care	healthcare/post_533:#originalTopic=Universal_Healthcare
healthcare/post_534:#originalStanceText=universal healthcare	healthcare/post_534:#originalTopic=Universal_Healthcare
healthcare/post_535:#originalStanceText=Private Health care	healthcare/post_535:#originalTopic=Universal_Healthcare
healthcare/post_536:#originalStanceText=universal health care	healthcare/post_536:#originalTopic=Universal_Healthcare
healthcare/post_537:#originalStanceText=Private Health care	healthcare/post_537:#originalTopic=Universal_Healthcare
healthcare/post_538:#originalStanceText=Private Health care	healthcare/post_538:#originalTopic=Universal_Healthcare
healthcare/post_539:#originalStanceText=universal health care	healthcare/post_539:#originalTopic=Universal_Healthcare
healthcare/post_54:#originalStanceText=Con	healthcare/post_54:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_540:#originalStanceText=Private Health care	healthcare/post_540:#originalTopic=Universal_Healthcare
healthcare/post_541:#originalStanceText=universal health care	healthcare/post_541:#originalTopic=Universal_Healthcare
healthcare/post_542:#originalStanceText=Private Health care	healthcare/post_542:#originalTopic=Universal_Healthcare
healthcare/post_543:#originalStanceText=universal health care	healthcare/post_543:#originalTopic=Universal_Healthcare
healthcare/post_544:#originalStanceText=Private Health care	healthcare/post_544:#originalTopic=Universal_Healthcare
healthcare/post_545:#originalStanceText=universal health care	healthcare/post_545:#originalTopic=Universal_Healthcare
healthcare/post_546:#originalStanceText=Private Health care	healthcare/post_546:#originalTopic=Universal_Healthcare
healthcare/post_547:#originalStanceText=universal health care	healthcare/post_547:#originalTopic=Universal_Healthcare
healthcare/post_548:#originalStanceText=Private Health care	healthcare/post_548:#originalTopic=Universal_Healthcare
healthcare/post_549:#originalStanceText=universal health care	healthcare/post_549:#originalTopic=Universal_Healthcare
healthcare/post_55:#originalStanceText=Pro	healthcare/post_55:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_550:#originalStanceText=Private Health care	healthcare/post_550:#originalTopic=Universal_Healthcare
healthcare/post_551:#originalStanceText=universal health care	healthcare/post_551:#originalTopic=Universal_Healthcare
healthcare/post_552:#originalStanceText=universal health care	healthcare/post_552:#originalTopic=Universal_Healthcare
healthcare/post_553:#originalStanceText=universal health care	healthcare/post_553:#originalTopic=Universal_Healthcare
healthcare/post_554:#originalStanceText=Private Health care	healthcare/post_554:#originalTopic=Universal_Healthcare
healthcare/post_555:#originalStanceText=universal health care	healthcare/post_555:#originalTopic=Universal_Healthcare
healthcare/post_556:#originalStanceText=Private Health care	healthcare/post_556:#originalTopic=Universal_Healthcare
healthcare/post_557:#originalStanceText=Private Healthcare	healthcare/post_557:#originalTopic=Universal_Healthcare
healthcare/post_558:#originalStanceText=universal healthcare	healthcare/post_558:#originalTopic=Universal_Healthcare
healthcare/post_559:#originalStanceText=Private Health care	healthcare/post_559:#originalTopic=Universal_Healthcare
healthcare/post_56:#originalStanceText=Pro	healthcare/post_56:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_560:#originalStanceText=universal health care	healthcare/post_560:#originalTopic=Universal_Healthcare
healthcare/post_561:#originalStanceText=Private Health care	healthcare/post_561:#originalTopic=Universal_Healthcare
healthcare/post_562:#originalStanceText=universal health care	healthcare/post_562:#originalTopic=Universal_Healthcare
healthcare/post_563:#originalStanceText=Private Health care	healthcare/post_563:#originalTopic=Universal_Healthcare
healthcare/post_564:#originalStanceText=universal health care	healthcare/post_564:#originalTopic=Universal_Healthcare
healthcare/post_565:#originalStanceText=Private Health care	healthcare/post_565:#originalTopic=Universal_Healthcare
healthcare/post_566:#originalStanceText=universal health care	healthcare/post_566:#originalTopic=Universal_Healthcare
healthcare/post_567:#originalStanceText=Private Health care	healthcare/post_567:#originalTopic=Universal_Healthcare
healthcare/post_568:#originalStanceText=universal health care	healthcare/post_568:#originalTopic=Universal_Healthcare
healthcare/post_569:#originalStanceText=Private Health care	healthcare/post_569:#originalTopic=Universal_Healthcare
healthcare/post_57:#originalStanceText=Pro	healthcare/post_57:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_570:#originalStanceText=universal health care	healthcare/post_570:#originalTopic=Universal_Healthcare
healthcare/post_571:#originalStanceText=Private Health care	healthcare/post_571:#originalTopic=Universal_Healthcare
healthcare/post_572:#originalStanceText=Private Health care	healthcare/post_572:#originalTopic=Universal_Healthcare
healthcare/post_573:#originalStanceText=universal health care	healthcare/post_573:#originalTopic=Universal_Healthcare
healthcare/post_574:#originalStanceText=universal health care	healthcare/post_574:#originalTopic=Universal_Healthcare
healthcare/post_575:#originalStanceText=Private Health care	healthcare/post_575:#originalTopic=Universal_Healthcare
healthcare/post_576:#originalStanceText=universal health care	healthcare/post_576:#originalTopic=Universal_Healthcare
healthcare/post_577:#originalStanceText=Private Health care	healthcare/post_577:#originalTopic=Universal_Healthcare
healthcare/post_578:#originalStanceText=universal health care	healthcare/post_578:#originalTopic=Universal_Healthcare
healthcare/post_579:#originalStanceText=individual healthcare	healthcare/post_579:#originalTopic=healthcare
healthcare/post_58:#originalStanceText=Pro	healthcare/post_58:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_580:#originalStanceText=universal	healthcare/post_580:#originalTopic=healthcare
healthcare/post_581:#originalStanceText=individual healthcare	healthcare/post_581:#originalTopic=healthcare
healthcare/post_582:#originalStanceText=universal	healthcare/post_582:#originalTopic=healthcare
healthcare/post_583:#originalStanceText=individual healthcare	healthcare/post_583:#originalTopic=healthcare
healthcare/post_584:#originalStanceText=universal	healthcare/post_584:#originalTopic=healthcare
healthcare/post_585:#originalStanceText=individual healthcare	healthcare/post_585:#originalTopic=healthcare
healthcare/post_586:#originalStanceText=universal	healthcare/post_586:#originalTopic=healthcare
healthcare/post_587:#originalStanceText=universal	healthcare/post_587:#originalTopic=healthcare
healthcare/post_588:#originalStanceText=universal	healthcare/post_588:#originalTopic=healthcare
healthcare/post_589:#originalStanceText=individual healthcare	healthcare/post_589:#originalTopic=healthcare
healthcare/post_59:#originalStanceText=Pro	healthcare/post_59:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_590:#originalStanceText=individual healthcare	healthcare/post_590:#originalTopic=healthcare
healthcare/post_591:#originalStanceText=individual healthcare	healthcare/post_591:#originalTopic=healthcare
healthcare/post_592:#originalStanceText=individual healthcare	healthcare/post_592:#originalTopic=healthcare
healthcare/post_593:#originalStanceText=universal	healthcare/post_593:#originalTopic=healthcare
healthcare/post_594:#originalStanceText=universal	healthcare/post_594:#originalTopic=healthcare
healthcare/post_595:#originalStanceText=universal	healthcare/post_595:#originalTopic=healthcare
healthcare/post_596:#originalStanceText=universal	healthcare/post_596:#originalTopic=healthcare
healthcare/post_597:#originalStanceText=universal	healthcare/post_597:#originalTopic=healthcare
healthcare/post_598:#originalStanceText=individual healthcare	healthcare/post_598:#originalTopic=healthcare
healthcare/post_599:#originalStanceText=universal	healthcare/post_599:#originalTopic=healthcare
healthcare/post_6:#originalStanceText=Con	healthcare/post_6:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_60:#originalStanceText=Pro	healthcare/post_60:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_600:#originalStanceText=universal	healthcare/post_600:#originalTopic=healthcare
healthcare/post_601:#originalStanceText=universal	healthcare/post_601:#originalTopic=healthcare
healthcare/post_602:#originalStanceText=individual healthcare	healthcare/post_602:#originalTopic=healthcare
healthcare/post_603:#originalStanceText=universal	healthcare/post_603:#originalTopic=healthcare
healthcare/post_604:#originalStanceText=individual healthcare	healthcare/post_604:#originalTopic=healthcare
healthcare/post_605:#originalStanceText=universal	healthcare/post_605:#originalTopic=healthcare
healthcare/post_606:#originalStanceText=individual healthcare	healthcare/post_606:#originalTopic=healthcare
healthcare/post_607:#originalStanceText=universal	healthcare/post_607:#originalTopic=healthcare
healthcare/post_608:#originalStanceText=universal	healthcare/post_608:#originalTopic=healthcare
healthcare/post_609:#originalStanceText=universal	healthcare/post_609:#originalTopic=healthcare
healthcare/post_61:#originalStanceText=Pro	healthcare/post_61:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_610:#originalStanceText=universal	healthcare/post_610:#originalTopic=healthcare
healthcare/post_611:#originalStanceText=universal	healthcare/post_611:#originalTopic=healthcare
healthcare/post_612:#originalStanceText=universal	healthcare/post_612:#originalTopic=healthcare
healthcare/post_613:#originalStanceText=universal	healthcare/post_613:#originalTopic=healthcare
healthcare/post_614:#originalStanceText=universal	healthcare/post_614:#originalTopic=healthcare
healthcare/post_615:#originalStanceText=universal	healthcare/post_615:#originalTopic=healthcare
healthcare/post_616:#originalStanceText=universal	healthcare/post_616:#originalTopic=healthcare
healthcare/post_617:#originalStanceText=for	healthcare/post_617:#originalTopic=All_Health_Care_Should_Be_Free
healthcare/post_618:#originalStanceText=for	healthcare/post_618:#originalTopic=All_Health_Care_Should_Be_Free
healthcare/post_619:#originalStanceText=for	healthcare/post_619:#originalTopic=All_Health_Care_Should_Be_Free
healthcare/post_62:#originalStanceText=Pro	healthcare/post_62:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_620:#originalStanceText=for	healthcare/post_620:#originalTopic=All_Health_Care_Should_Be_Free
healthcare/post_621:#originalStanceText=for	healthcare/post_621:#originalTopic=All_Health_Care_Should_Be_Free
healthcare/post_622:#originalStanceText=for	healthcare/post_622:#originalTopic=All_Health_Care_Should_Be_Free
healthcare/post_623:#originalStanceText=for	healthcare/post_623:#originalTopic=All_Health_Care_Should_Be_Free
healthcare/post_624:#originalStanceText=for	healthcare/post_624:#originalTopic=All_Health_Care_Should_Be_Free
healthcare/post_625:#originalStanceText=for	healthcare/post_625:#originalTopic=All_Health_Care_Should_Be_Free
healthcare/post_626:#originalStanceText=for	healthcare/post_626:#originalTopic=All_Health_Care_Should_Be_Free
healthcare/post_627:#originalStanceText=for	healthcare/post_627:#originalTopic=All_Health_Care_Should_Be_Free
healthcare/post_628:#originalStanceText=for	healthcare/post_628:#originalTopic=All_Health_Care_Should_Be_Free
healthcare/post_629:#originalStanceText=for	healthcare/post_629:#originalTopic=All_Health_Care_Should_Be_Free
healthcare/post_63:#originalStanceText=Pro	healthcare/post_63:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_630:#originalStanceText=for	healthcare/post_630:#originalTopic=All_Health_Care_Should_Be_Free
healthcare/post_631:#originalStanceText=against	healthcare/post_631:#originalTopic=All_Health_Care_Should_Be_Free
healthcare/post_632:#originalStanceText=against	healthcare/post_632:#originalTopic=All_Health_Care_Should_Be_Free
healthcare/post_633:#originalStanceText=against	healthcare/post_633:#originalTopic=All_Health_Care_Should_Be_Free
healthcare/post_634:#originalStanceText=against	healthcare/post_634:#originalTopic=All_Health_Care_Should_Be_Free
healthcare/post_635:#originalStanceText=against	healthcare/post_635:#originalTopic=All_Health_Care_Should_Be_Free
healthcare/post_636:#originalStanceText=against	healthcare/post_636:#originalTopic=All_Health_Care_Should_Be_Free
healthcare/post_637:#originalStanceText=against	healthcare/post_637:#originalTopic=All_Health_Care_Should_Be_Free
healthcare/post_638:#originalStanceText=for	healthcare/post_638:#originalTopic=Healthcare_Should_Be_Available_For_Everyone
healthcare/post_639:#originalStanceText=for	healthcare/post_639:#originalTopic=Healthcare_Should_Be_Available_For_Everyone
healthcare/post_64:#originalStanceText=Con	healthcare/post_64:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_640:#originalStanceText=for	healthcare/post_640:#originalTopic=Healthcare_Should_Be_Available_For_Everyone
healthcare/post_641:#originalStanceText=for	healthcare/post_641:#originalTopic=Healthcare_Should_Be_Available_For_Everyone
healthcare/post_642:#originalStanceText=for	healthcare/post_642:#originalTopic=Healthcare_Should_Be_Available_For_Everyone
healthcare/post_643:#originalStanceText=for	healthcare/post_643:#originalTopic=Healthcare_Should_Be_Available_For_Everyone
healthcare/post_644:#originalStanceText=for	healthcare/post_644:#originalTopic=Healthcare_Should_Be_Available_For_Everyone
healthcare/post_645:#originalStanceText=for	healthcare/post_645:#originalTopic=Obama_And_His_Health_Care_Plan_Any_Thoughts
healthcare/post_646:#originalStanceText=against	healthcare/post_646:#originalTopic=Obama_And_His_Health_Care_Plan_Any_Thoughts
healthcare/post_647:#originalStanceText=against	healthcare/post_647:#originalTopic=Obama_And_His_Health_Care_Plan_Any_Thoughts
healthcare/post_648:#originalStanceText=against	healthcare/post_648:#originalTopic=Obama_And_His_Health_Care_Plan_Any_Thoughts
healthcare/post_649:#originalStanceText=against	healthcare/post_649:#originalTopic=Obama_And_His_Health_Care_Plan_Any_Thoughts
healthcare/post_65:#originalStanceText=Con	healthcare/post_65:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_650:#originalStanceText=against	healthcare/post_650:#originalTopic=Obama_And_His_Health_Care_Plan_Any_Thoughts
healthcare/post_651:#originalStanceText=against	healthcare/post_651:#originalTopic=Obama_And_His_Health_Care_Plan_Any_Thoughts
healthcare/post_652:#originalStanceText=for	healthcare/post_652:#originalTopic=Should_All_Health_Care_Be_Made_Free_For_All
healthcare/post_653:#originalStanceText=against	healthcare/post_653:#originalTopic=Should_All_Health_Care_Be_Made_Free_For_All
healthcare/post_654:#originalStanceText=against	healthcare/post_654:#originalTopic=Should_All_Health_Care_Be_Made_Free_For_All
healthcare/post_655:#originalStanceText=against	healthcare/post_655:#originalTopic=Should_All_Health_Care_Be_Made_Free_For_All
healthcare/post_656:#originalStanceText=for	healthcare/post_656:#originalTopic=Universal_Health_Care_We_Should_Have_It
healthcare/post_657:#originalStanceText=for	healthcare/post_657:#originalTopic=Universal_Health_Care_We_Should_Have_It
healthcare/post_658:#originalStanceText=for	healthcare/post_658:#originalTopic=Universal_Health_Care_We_Should_Have_It
healthcare/post_659:#originalStanceText=against	healthcare/post_659:#originalTopic=Universal_Health_Care_We_Should_Have_It
healthcare/post_66:#originalStanceText=Con	healthcare/post_66:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_660:#originalStanceText=against	healthcare/post_660:#originalTopic=Universal_Health_Care_We_Should_Have_It
healthcare/post_661:#originalStanceText=against	healthcare/post_661:#originalTopic=Universal_Health_Care_We_Should_Have_It
healthcare/post_662:#originalStanceText=for	healthcare/post_662:#originalTopic=Universal_Healthcare
healthcare/post_663:#originalStanceText=against	healthcare/post_663:#originalTopic=Universal_Healthcare
healthcare/post_664:#originalStanceText=against	healthcare/post_664:#originalTopic=Universal_Healthcare
healthcare/post_665:#originalStanceText=against	healthcare/post_665:#originalTopic=Universal_Healthcare
healthcare/post_666:#originalStanceText=against	healthcare/post_666:#originalTopic=Universal_Healthcare
healthcare/post_67:#originalStanceText=Con	healthcare/post_67:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_68:#originalStanceText=Con	healthcare/post_68:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_69:#originalStanceText=Con	healthcare/post_69:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_7:#originalStanceText=Con	healthcare/post_7:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_70:#originalStanceText=Con	healthcare/post_70:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_71:#originalStanceText=Pro	healthcare/post_71:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_72:#originalStanceText=Con	healthcare/post_72:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_73:#originalStanceText=Con	healthcare/post_73:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_74:#originalStanceText=Con	healthcare/post_74:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_75:#originalStanceText=Pro	healthcare/post_75:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_76:#originalStanceText=Pro	healthcare/post_76:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_77:#originalStanceText=Con	healthcare/post_77:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_78:#originalStanceText=Pro	healthcare/post_78:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_79:#originalStanceText=Pro	healthcare/post_79:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_8:#originalStanceText=Con	healthcare/post_8:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_80:#originalStanceText=Con	healthcare/post_80:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_81:#originalStanceText=Pro	healthcare/post_81:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_82:#originalStanceText=Pro	healthcare/post_82:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_83:#originalStanceText=Pro	healthcare/post_83:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_84:#originalStanceText=Pro	healthcare/post_84:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_85:#originalStanceText=Con	healthcare/post_85:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_86:#originalStanceText=Con	healthcare/post_86:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_87:#originalStanceText=Con	healthcare/post_87:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_88:#originalStanceText=Pro	healthcare/post_88:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_89:#originalStanceText=Pro	healthcare/post_89:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_9:#originalStanceText=Pro	healthcare/post_9:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_90:#originalStanceText=Con	healthcare/post_90:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_91:#originalStanceText=Con	healthcare/post_91:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_92:#originalStanceText=Pro	healthcare/post_92:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_93:#originalStanceText=Pro	healthcare/post_93:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_94:#originalStanceText=Con	healthcare/post_94:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_95:#originalStanceText=Con	healthcare/post_95:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_96:#originalStanceText=Con	healthcare/post_96:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_97:#originalStanceText=Pro	healthcare/post_97:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_98:#originalStanceText=Con	healthcare/post_98:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
healthcare/post_99:#originalStanceText=Pro	healthcare/post_99:#originalTopic=Debate:_Public_insurance_option_in_US_health_care
